<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN"
    "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
	<title>Minutes - icsf</title>
	<meta name="Description" content="icsf (Imperial College Union Science Fiction, Fantasy and Horror Society) Website" />
 	<meta name="Reply-to" content="icsf@ic.ac.uk" />
	<meta name="Authors" content="Lorna" />
	<link type="text/css" rel="stylesheet" href="/scc/icsf/resources/style.css" />
</head>
<body class="bodyMedium">
<table width="95%" cellpadding="4" class="bodyDark" align="center"><tr><td class="bodyLight">

<h2>ICSF Committee Meeting 10th November</h2>

<p><b>Present:</b> Alex(Chair),Smithers(Wyrm Editor), Cristina(Chair of Vice), Ian(Head Librarian), Tim(Treasurer), Ben(Picocon Sofa), Mark(Secretary), Peter, Malc,<br />
<br />
<b>Apologies:</b> Ali(hit by a motorbike!), Dave(), Mitel, Aragnathor<br />
<br />
Congratulations to Mark :)<br />
</p>

<i>Meeting opens: 18:00</i><br />

<h4>Librarian's Report</h4>
<p>
Not at book crawl, don't know<br />
Alex, &pound;87 of books brought, ran out of time, but was good fun<br />
Getting 10 boxes of books this weekend<br />
Ian not happy with his library, as usual<br />
</p>

<h4>Treasurer's Report</h4>
<p>
Union figures behind ours<br />
60 members plus, 6 affiliates all fully paid in<br />
&pound;1400 in refundables (we have the monies!)...about 1100 from last year<br />
Outgoing treasurer claims his due<br />
&pound;150 spent on books and stuff so far<br />
Tim not to get charged with fraud, whilst on fire<br />
Please make sure new members give their CID, a few problems have occurred due to this<br />

75% of target membership so far<br />
</p>

<h4>Chair of Vice - Events</h4>
<p>
Union say we need to book an end of term Barnight...suggest 8th Dec<br />
If we get a time machine need to schedule it for Christmas 1883<br />
Cristina needs a calendar for X-mas...<br />
X-mas dinner? Week after barnight, e-mail to be sent<br />
Barrel of Youngs Bitter (&pound;70.86 = 72 pints) as it's any good<br />

BEER!!!<br />
Star Wars all-dayer - 4th Dec<br />
Holiday special to feature<br />
Cinema trip...waiting for tickets...Aliens Science museum<br />
Likely to be meeting in the lib<br />
Trip to see Harry Potter<br />
ICU cinema all-nighter = very good<br />
can we get some Serenity posters<br />
Ian not to put them up<br />

We need a homageometer...Penis lol = default setting<br />
Moving on from Penis<br />
</p>

<h4>Pico-con</h4>
<p>
Rather a separate Pico-con meeting next week<br />
Looks like it will be held on 18th Feb<br />
Ben apologies for early departure...Secretary shakes fist<br />
</p>

<h4>DVDs</h4>
<p>
Copyright laws vaguely investigated<br />
No distinction between videos and DVDs<br />
No more illegal than what we already do<br />
Can't really implement rental fees for them<br />
Do we want to keep on buying DVDs? YES motion unopposed (Ian indifferent)<br />
Lending DVDs? Half the members seem to think they can<br />
&gt;Damage to DVDs an issue<br />

&gt;Might be able to lend out copies instead...Â£2 damage charge?<br />
&gt;Get DVD burner?<br />
&gt;Might need a more powerful computer to do that<br />
Lending copies not originals...vote = unanimous<br />
Need to announce lending policy explicitly<br />
In the meantime, DVDs still not to be lent<br />
Get a decent filing system, a bunch of DVDRs for the lib<br />
Originals do not leave library or get played<br />
Copyright issues...Have to tell them not to copy<br />

Need to get some kind of form to sign<br />
E-mail list, stickers on disks<br />
Can only accept legal DVDs, NO COPIES TO BE ACCEPTED<br />
Not any<br />
None<br />
We don't want to go to the special hell<br />
Report of this to be drafted<br />
Provisions for damage, &pound;1 fee (on principle), note of damage made<br />
Need to speak to Simon briefly about this<br />

Accurate record will need to be kept to ensure a happy union<br />
Start burning ASAP<br />
Aim to start lending them for the start of next term<br />
</p>

<h4>Committiee Contacts</h4>
<p>
Should all exchange phone numbers at some point, so we can keep in touch<br />
</p>

<h4>Website</h4>

<p>
Need to make sure it's internally consistent<br />
</p>

<h4>Wyrm</h4>
<p>
Plea for stuff for next months Wyrm<br />
Too many left-handed people!!(50% of members present)<br />
Also, everyone except Alex has glasses...<br />
Put Wyrm in more places...maybe where Felix comes out.<br />
</p>

<h4>AOB</h4>
<p>
E-mail list - some members seem not to be getting mail<br />
Key list needs rejigging (before next term)<br />
Duty librarians...redundent it seems<br />
</p>

<i>Meeting closes: 18:53</i>


<p><i>Meeting Closed</i></p>
<!-- last page:  -->
<!-- next page: latest set of minutes-->
</td></tr></table>
</body>
</html>