<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN"
    "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
	<title>Minutes of ICSF Committee Meeting, 15/02/05</title>
	<meta name="Description" content="icsf (Imperial College Union Science Fiction, Fantasy and Horror Society) Website" />
	<link type="text/css" rel="stylesheet" href="../../../../icsfwebsite.css" />
	<script src="../../../../icsfwebsite.js" type="text/javascript"></script>

</head>
<body class="bodyMedium">
<table width="95%" cellpadding="4" class="bodyDark" align="center"><tr><td class="bodyLight">

<h2>Tuesday 18th October</h2>
<p><b>Present</b>: Alex(chair), Ben(picocon sofa), Cristina(chair of vice), Ian(head librarian), Kath, Simon, Tim(treasurer), Ali<br />
<b>Apologies</b>: Mark(secretary), Dave(publicity officer), Smithers(wyrm editor), Malc <br />
<b>AWOL</b>: Shuri <br />
<i>Meeting opened 1833</i></p>

<h3>Picocon</h3>
<h4>Dates and Sites</h4>

<h4>Date</h4>

Ian and Ali have looked at tube dates.<br />
Things to consider are tube and other cons.<br />
For BSFA, Ton details, talk to Dave Clements.<br />
There should be a Ton in a few weeks.<br />
This year is Picocon 23.<br />
Big trip to the Ton as a Barnight? [tangent]But less kissing this time.<br />
Kath is just jealous of Ben's action. And the visual experience.<br />
Apparently Ian enjoyed it.<br />
Ben should have made out with Ian. Jem said so, so it must be true.<br />
Apparently about half the college knows about this.<br />
Gwen is a pseudo-fresher. [/tangent]<br />

<h4>Site</h4>

Is the Union still going to be there?<br />
Simon says Union isn't going to be there unless there's a humungous cockup.<br />
Total project lifespan = 18 months, so no Union next year either.<br />
Kensington Town Hall is available, Ben waiting on prices.<br />
MDH + Ante Room? Ian says 'not big enough'.<br />
Great Hall too big and is just one room.<br />
Realistically we need one room for talks, one for vendors + LAN, and one room for 'other'.<br />
Would it be possible to have talks in Ante Room, everything else in the MDH, entry from Q's lawn?<br />
Ken Town Hall would be better, Ben still waiting.<br />

<h4>Publicity</h4>

Laminated bookmarks are great.<br />
Give clumps to people to hand out further.<br />
Also give flyers to Playing Games and Waterstones.<br />
Waterstones still do the discount, BTW. So tell people, and give Waterstones a membership card.<br />
Bookcrawl: a good opportunity to give away flyers. Eg Fantasy Centre<br />
It's worth tying publicity into whichever authors and theme we're having. <br />
But theme is difficult.<br />
<br />
Do we have any names yet?<br />
Kath to email Stephen Baxter again.<br />
Ben has a few 'not no' answers.<br />
Susanna Clark is one of the people we've invited, but she's v. fatigued ATM, so don't hold your collective breath.<br />
If we feel it's appropriate, we can try to get at them again via CUSFS<br />
Should we attempt to invite Pratchett?<br />
If we *did* somehow get Pratchett, it would become Pratchettcon.<br />
We used to run 'Whocon's for many years. Now we don't. <br />
<br />
Contacts so far:<br />
Kath - Stephen Baxter<br />
Ali  - Susanna Clark<br />
Ben  - George R.R. Martin, Adam Roberts (is often at BSFA), Tom Holt, Stephen Briggs (does Pratchett plays)<br />
<br />
People we can invite:<br />
Kim Stanley Robinson (possibly going to be either writing or with family)<br />
Juliet McKenna (we haven't invited her for ages) who is a BOGS. <br />
  - We have three BOGS, one of whom (Prof Finley) is no longer with us.<br />
<br />
[Simon commands that we minute yesterday's Dilbert ie 17/10/05<br />
[The strip can be viewed at http://www.dilbert.com/comics/dilbert/archive/dilbert-20051017.html]<br />
<br />
Liz Williams (big attender of BSFA meetings)<br />
Doug Naylor (half of Grant Naylor) - Ben might be able to help with that<br />
<br />
We should start attending BSFAs and Tons, just to have a public face there.<br />
Dave is known as Dave, because that is his name.<br />


<h3>Other stuff</h3>

Sellers? The usual bunch. We'll decide that at Christmas, we need a date first before we can invite people.<br />
Yasmin from Playing Games is friendly.<br />
Vicky knows the chap from the other games shop.<br />
Are we going to do a film this year? Tim wants to be able to budget for it.<br />
That depends whether we'd have a venue.<br />
The film very rarely makes us any money.<br />
Ian says we could show Invader Zim. That'd be great!<br />
T-shirt designs - people to poke Smithers. We'll make money on them. Also, I really want one.<br />
Ali to ask Richard Plackett about cheap-ish t-shirt printing.<br />
<br />
Immediate things:<br />
Dave Bartram for flyers (generic so far will do)<br />
Smithers for tshirts, random artwork to have in advance<br />
Daniel Rolph also draws some stuff, and could easily be persuaded to draw some generic sci-fi stuff<br />
Go to:<br />
-BSFA 26th Oct at the Star<br />
-Ton is 1st Thurs of each month, in Walkers of Holborn (03/11/05)<br />
Once we have Authors and Date we need a concentrated publicity campaign<br />
-Declare a date by the end of the month?<br />
Go to a BSFA and make sure we're not clashing with anything, eg Worldcon planning meeting<br />
<br />
Alex briefly chokes on his own tongue. But at least it's better than Ben's.<br />


<h3>AOB?</h3>

People, come to the BSFA!<br />
60 members so far<br />
Lots of keen freshers<br />
You can barely get in through the door at lunchtimes<br />
Gwen is *very* keen<br />
<br />
Wargames involvement w/ Picocon? Basically fine. Just don't keep people from going to talks and things.<br />
Card games, board games, 1-shots in slots max 2 hrs.<br />
It *does* bring a few people in.<br />
<br />
Announce Picocon online.<br />
<br />
Stuff for Wyrmtongue, please.<br />
<br />
Kath's Baby (the bookclub) is still alive. This month we have books that have been turned into movies.<br />
People will have read the books.<br />
<br />
How many rings did Sauron forge? Just one, Simon says.<br />
<br />
Tim needs Todd Mathey and Henrik Baarnhielm; Todd needs CID, Henrik needs an Assoc Member form.<br />
<br />
Ask freshers if they have any useful contacts. Harvest Gwen's contacts ruthlessly and vigorously.<br />
<br />

<p><i>Meeting Closed 1913</i></p>

<!-- last page:  -->
<!-- next page: latest set of minutes-->
</td></tr></table>
</body>
</html>



