<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN"
    "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
	<title>Minutes 26.7.01 - icsf</title>
	<meta name="Description" content="icsf (Imperial College Union Science Fiction, Fantasy and Horror Society) Website" />
 	<meta name="Reply-to" content="icsf@ic.ac.uk" />
	<meta name="Authors" content="Peter" />
	<link type="text/css" rel="stylesheet" href="<!--SRVROOT-->/resources/style.css" />
	<script src="../../../../icsfwebsite.js" type="text/javascript"></script>
</head>
<body class="bodyMedium">
<table width="95%" cellpadding="4" class="bodyDark" align="center"><tr><td class="bodyLight">

<h2>26th June 2001</h2>
<p><b>Present</b> - Alex (Ed.), Jakob (Chair), John (Picocon), Lloyd (Tres.), Michael, Michelle (Lib.), Peter (Sec.), Richard (Pub.), Sam, Simon (V. Chair), Viv<br />
<b>Apologies</b> - not a one<br />
<b>awol</b>no one<br />
<i>Meeting opened 19:27</i></p>

<h3>Freshers Fair in October</h3>
<p>Due to the positioning of the new library a stand in the quad
  should be pressed for - Jakob to pressure union. As last year a bookcase(?)
  of seconds will be present to give away. The Daleks should be on display to
  give a more 'sci-fi' feel. Once peoplke seem vaguely interested they should
  be dragged down into the library and shown around - hence people needed in library
  and on stand. There should be stuff going on in the library and the people on
  the stand should know what 'stuff' is. Two 'leaflets' a wyrmtounge for those
  who seem very interested and a flyer for their friends. A sign up sheet is a
  needed - Name, Year, email, Dept. - email can then be guessed or worked out
  if not known. Slightly later on flyers pasted around in halls. See also Femtocon,
  First Wyrmtounge</p>
<h3>Fanzine for this year</h3>
<p>The deadline for the fanzine needs to be found out (budgetary restrictions) - Simon to investigate - if the deadline can be postponed get the agreement in writing.  Michael can produce it by the end of July if that is soon enough.</p>
<h3>First Wyrmtounge of next year</h3>
<p>Mainly introductions to society from Lib. Ed. and Chair and possibly a book review or story?</p>
<h3>Chairs video nights</h3>
<p>As last year but with a differnet chair</p>
<h3>Femtocon</h3>
<p>To be held the second Wednesday of term (10/10/01) - a room needs booking!.  Dalek racing if Richard can get the chasiis etc. fixed.  LAN network (kept a bit smaller than at Picocon.  Minibus for computer ferrying - supposed to be very cheap for just an hour or two.  A Picocon style quiz - lots of small prizes - the first to shout out the answer?</p>
<h3>Next years membership</h3>
<p>To stay the same price.  New colour cards needed.  Committee cards needed for all comm. and others.</p>
<h3>Haldane collection</h3>
<p>Is it possible to form some links with the library - cross adverstising?</p>
<h3>Picocon</h3>
<p>Tad Williams a possible guest? Julliet McKenna as usual; Graeme Edwards (spelling?); Phillip Pullman....  Possiblility of links with other clubs - a fencing display, firebreathing?  A game called killer with some sort of scifi emphasis.  A balloon debate.</p
><h3>Plan for moving library</h3>
<p>Richard had it all beautifully written down in great detail (and it worked very well)</p>
<p><i>Meeting Closed 20:40</i></p>
<!-- last page:  -->
<!-- next page: latest set of minutes-->
</td></tr></table>
</body>
</html>
