<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN"
    "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
	<title>Minutes 12.02.02 - ICSF</title>
	<meta name="Description" content="ICSF (Imperial College Union Science Fiction, Fantasy and Horror Society) Website" />
 	<meta name="Reply-to" content="peter.muir@ic.ac.uk" />
	<meta name="Authors" content="Peter" />
	<link type="text/css" rel="stylesheet" href="/scc/icsf/resources/style.css" />
</head>
<body class="bodyMedium">
<table width="95%" cellpadding="4" class="bodyDark" align="center"><tr><td class="bodyLight">

<h2>12 February 2001</h2>
<p><b>Present</b> - Alex (E`d.), Jakob (Chair), Jo, John, Lloyd (Tres.), Lorna, Michael, Michelle (Lib.), Peter (Sec.), Robbie, Shuri, Simon, Tai<br />
<b>Apologies</b> - Ed, Richard (Pub.)<br />
<b>AWOL</b> - Phil<br />
<i>Meeting opened 18:45</i></p>

<table class="bodyLight">
	<tr>
		<td width="80%">
			<strong>1.1 Minutes of Previous Meeting Passed</strong>
		</td>
		<td width='20%'>

		</td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td width="70%">
		<h3>2. Society Business</h3>
		</td>
		<td width='30%'>

		</td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
               <td width="70%">
               		<strong>2.1 AGM</strong>
			<br />Date set for Thursday 7th of March, 6pm start.  Lloyd is appointed returning officer, and as such needs to be informed of peoples intentions to stand.  He also needs to announce to the list the AGM at least two weeks before.
		</td>
               <td width='30%'>
	                <em>Lloyd</em>
	       </td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td width="70%">
		<strong>2.2 Waterstones linkup</strong>
		<br />Hopefully the manager will pop in at lunchtime.  Regarding the link up it was suggested that we have a sub committee meeting with him, Chair, Lib., Sec. +... present to discuss ideas.  We also ought to check with the union about this.

		</td>
		<td width='30%'>
			<em>Jakob</em>
		</td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td width="70%">
			<strong>2.3 BOGS</strong>
			<br />We were approached at Picocon by Dave Clements and Tom Yates, and told that 1000 books were donated in 1987.  The warden of Beit Hall donated these and is about to retire, something should be done to recognise him.
			<br />This means that we need to sort out BOGS, it is suggested that we should give some drafts to Phil as he has the 'right' sense of humour.
			<br />The following people should be 'BOGGED': Juliet McKenna, Porcupine Books, PJ Finley (Donator mentioned above) and then possible ex. chairs - though it should NOT become a automatic thing.
		</td>
		<td width='30%'>
		<em>Lorna, Pete, Phil</em>
		</td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td width="70%">
			<strong>2.4 History/Archive</strong>
			<br />We should pester the ex's again for history....
		</td>
		<td width='30%'>
		<em>Pete, Lorna</em>
		</td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td width="70%">
			<strong>2.5 Leopard Sign</strong>
			<br />Another one needs making.
		</td>
		<td width='30%'>

		</td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td width="70%">
			<strong>2.6 TV Speakers</strong>
			<br />4.1 Surround Sound suggested -- a set of computer speakers for £50
		</td>
		<td width='30%'>
		</td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td width="70%">
		<strong>2.7 Black Shelving</strong>
		<br />More shelving for videos needed. 3 bays at approx £20 each - must match what we have.
		</td>
		<td width='30%'>
		<em>Michelle</em>
		</td>
	</tr>
        <tr>
                <td width="70%">
                <strong>2.8 The 'computer' corner needs clearing out</strong>
		<br />Keep one of the computers that work for web browsing, the rest needs to go
		</td>
	        <td width='30%'>
		<em>Peter et al.</em>
	        </td>
	        </tr>

	<tr>
		<td width="70%">
		<h3>3. Events</h3>
		</td>
		<td width='30%'>
		</td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td width="70%">
			<strong>3.1 Bookcrawl</strong>
			<br />Will occur on 23rd February, start 12 midday @ South Ken.  Don't go to Notting Hill.
		</td>
		<td width='30%'>
		<em>Michelle</em>
		</td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td width="70%">
		<strong>3.2 Barnight</strong>
		<br />Union Bar, 28th February.
		</td>
		<td width='30%'>
		<em>Simon</em>
		</td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td width="70%">
		<strong>3.3 Monsters Inc.</strong>
		<br />Tuesday 19th February, go and see Monsters Inc. at HSK Cinema, first showing after 6pm.
		</td>
		<td width='30%'>
		<em>Jakob?</em>
		</td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td width="70%">
		<strong>3.4 Italian Job @ Union Cinema</strong>
		<br />Go and see this special for Rag week on 21st February.
		</td>
		<td width='30%'>
		<em>Peter</em>
		</td>
	</tr>
<tr>
                <td width="70%">
                <strong>3.5 Arthur C. Clarke Awards</strong>
                <br />Should go and 'network' with authors.  Sorry, forgot to note the date
                </td>
                <td width='30%'>
		<em>Jakob</em>
                </td>
        </tr>
	<tr>
		<td width="70%">
		<h3>4. Picocon Postmortem </h3>
		</td>
		<td width='30%'>
		</td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td width="70%">
		<strong>4.1 Daleks</strong>
		<br />Very cool, but they need a backup so that if they do go wrong we have something to replace them.
		</td>
		<td width='30%'>
		</td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td width="70%">
		<strong>4.2 Front Desk</strong>
		<br />The databases from this year should be integrated with next years so old farts don't need to type everything in again.
		<br />Two tables, one for killer, one for registration.
		<br />A coat rack for people esp. authors would be nice
		<br />More laptops for the very busy bit!
		<br />A place for the committee to put their bags
		<br />More banking bags needed so we can get rid of money more often
		<br />A dividable cash box
		<br />More coins, less notes
		</td>
		<td width='30%'>
		</td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td width="70%">
		<strong>4.2 Killer</strong>
		<br />It was a bit disorganised, slightly simplify it, and the rules need explaining much more carefully to the people running it!  Committee et al. need to start the game off.  Possibly an insert into Wyrm rather than a feature.
		</td>
		<td width='30%'>
		</td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td width="70%">
		<strong>4.3 Wyrmtongue</strong>
		<br />Very good, much wibbling about fonts and PDFs.
		</td>
		<td width='30%'>
		</td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td width="70%">
		<strong>4.4 Author Talks</strong>
		<br />China's was very popular, Lloyd apologises for missing it.  We really ought to record the talks - talk to IC Radio or Stoic.  Obviously we need the authors permission for this.
		</td>
		<td width='30%'>
		</td>
	</tr>
        <tr>
                <td width="70%">
                <strong>4.5 Panel</strong>
                <br />This needs to be carefully chaired to stop one person dominating the session.  It would be very good to have a good topic in advance next year.
                </td>
                <td width='30%'>
                </td>
        </tr>
<tr>
                <td width="70%">
                <strong>4.6 Film</strong>
                <br />Not such a good choice - it has to be something everybody wants to see again and again - classics are good.  Only got three extras for it.
                </td>
                <td width='30%'>
                </td>
        </tr>
<tr>
                <td width="70%">
                <strong>4.7 Dodgy Merchandise</strong>
                <br />We raised more money for rag this year than last!
                </td>
                <td width='30%'>
                </td>
        </tr>
<tr>
                <td width="70%">
                <strong>4.8 Juggling</strong>
                <br />Good, but not enough people did it - rethink the timing?
                </td>
                <td width='30%'>
                </td>
        </tr>
<tr>
                <td width="70%">
                <strong>4.9 Dinners</strong>
                <br />Having two dinners was good - the authors seemed to enjoy it.  We have to invite the authors back next year.
                </td>
                <td width='30%'>
                </td>
        </tr>
<tr>
                <td width="70%">
                <strong>4.10 Computers</strong>
                <br />Less issues than before mainly due to switch/patch cable! But stuff should be better labelled.
                </td>
                <td width='30%'>
                </td>
        </tr>
<tr>
                <td width="70%">
                <strong>4.11 Finance</strong>
                <br />Lower takings than last year - probably as there were more students/concessions.  The unofficial pre-booking was good.  Many complaints about the SCC.  Many thanks to RCC treasurer for signing a cheque.
                </td>
                <td width='30%'>
                </td>
        </tr>
<tr>
                <td width="70%">
                <strong>4.12 Booksellers</strong>
                <br />Didn't work too well having ZZ9 out of the way as they were a bit separate, been better if the Daleks hadn't packed up.
                </td>
                <td width='30%'>
                </td>
        </tr>
<tr>
                <td width="70%">
                <strong>4.13 Other</strong>
                <br />PARKING - go see parking, not the union
		<br />Gym mats around Giant Jenga were cool
		<br />A video in the Gym?
		<br />Stuff sorted in the library on Friday evening.
		<br />Run library tours at lunch time.
                </td>
                <td width='30%'>
                </td>
        </tr>
<tr>
                <td width="70%">
                <strong>4.14 Picocon Structure</strong>
                <br />The Sofa should take a much more guiding role, delegating the authors, union stuff, publicity, front desk to others.
                </td>
                <td width='30%'>
                </td>
        </tr>
		</table>

<p><i>Meeting Closed 20:30</i></p>
<!-- last page:  -->
<!-- next page: -->
</td></tr></table>
</body>
</html>
