<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN"
    "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
	<title>Minutes 17.01.02 - icsf</title>
	<meta name="Description" content="icsf (Imperial College Union Science Fiction, Fantasy and Horror Society) Website" />
 	<meta name="Reply-to" content="peter.muir@ic.ac.uk" />
	<meta name="Authors" content="Peter" />
</head>
<body class="bodyMedium">
<table width="95%" cellpadding="4" class="bodyDark" align="center"><tr><td class="bodyLight">

<h2>15 November 2001</h2>
<p><b>Present</b> - Alex (Ed.), Ed , Jacob McCarthy, Jakob (Chair),Jenny Hatwell, John, Lloyd (Tres.), Lorna, Michael, Michelle (Lib.), Peter Gribble, Peter (Sec.), Richard (Pub.), Robbie Bain, Shuri, Simon (V. Chair), Simon Matthews, Someone <br />
<b>Apologies</b> None<br />
<b>awol</b> - None (other than Phil)<br />
<i>Meeting opened 18:25</i></p>

<table class="bodyLight">
	<tr>
		<td width="80%">
			<strong>1.1 Minutes of Previous Meeting Passed</strong>
		</td>
		<td width='20%'>

		</td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td width="70%">
			<strong>1.2 Matters Arising integrated into Agenda (which doesn't exist anyway)</strong>
		</td>
		<td width='30%'>

		</td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td width="70%">
			<h3>2. Finance</h3>
		</td>
		<td width='30%'>

		</td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td width="70%">
			<strong>2.1 SCC Claim</strong>
			<br />Contingency Claim passed for £113.
		</td>
		<td width='30%'>
			<em></em>
		</td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
               <td width="70%">
                        <strong>2.2 Budget</strong>
			<br />Reducing minimum membership is a bad idea!!  It will remain at 100.  Bob is slapped
               </td>
               <td width='30%'>
	       </td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td width="70%">
		 	<h3>3. Libary Issues</h3>
		 </td>
		<td width='30%'>

		</td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td width="70%">
			<strong>3.1 Website</strong>
			<br />A backup should be made
		</td>

		<td width='30%'>
			<em>Simon</em>
		</td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td width="70%">
			<strong>3.2 Shelving</strong>
			<br />More black shelving needed and to be purchased. Ed might have some at home.
		</td>
		<td width='30%'>
			<em>Michelle</em>
		</td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td width="70%">
			<strong>3.3 Posters</strong>
			<br />As many old posters to be laminated as we can - we can spend about £30 on it.
		</td>
		<td width='30%'>
			<em>Michelle &amp; Michael</em>
		</td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td width="70%">
			<strong>3.4 Mural</strong>
			<br />Are we allowed to paint a mural - check with the union.
		</td>
		<td width='30%'>
			<em></em>
		</td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td width="70%">
			<h3>4. Picocon</h3>
		</td>
		<td width='30%'>

		</td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td width="70%">
			<strong>4.1 Authors</strong>
			<br />Geoff Ryman needs confirming.  Anne Gay and Stan Nicholls need a place to stay - not IC!.  China Meiville is all sorted.
		</td>
		<td width='30%'>
		<em>John</em>
		</td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td width="70%">
		<strong>4.2 Publicty</strong>
		<br />The college campaign needs organising, but we need to sort the film before then (see 4.3).
		<br />Ton meet.  Is two days before Picocon, so is a must.  Ed will sort out the trip, and Richard will sort the Flyers for this.
		</td>
		<td width='30%'>
			<em>Ed, Richard</em>
		</td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td width="70%">
			<strong>4.3 Film</strong>
			<br />This needs sorting asap.  Eemeli can sort out what Films are available.  In addition to previous lists, Pitch Black was suggested.
		</td>
		<td width='30%'>
		<em>Jakob, Phil, Eemeli</em>
		</td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td width="70%">
		<strong>4.4 Killer</strong>
		<br />Lorna knows the rules, I'll be buggered if I am going to repeat them here.
		<br />Badges need creating for this.
		</td>
		<td width='30%'>
		<em>See attached sheet</em>
		</td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td width="70%">
		<strong>4.6 Booksellers</strong>
		<br />The free car parking needs sorting.
		</td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td width="70%">
		<strong>4.7 Other </strong>
		<br />Cake for 25 years.  A toast to the society and chairs past and present
		<br />Should have a two hour lunch, including Juggling display.
		<br />We need a float for the front desk.  Lloyd to bring in his cash box.
		<br />Collate everybody helping's mobile numbers.
		</td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td width="70%">
		<strong>4.8 Panel Discussions</strong>
		<br />A fandom panel at 10am?
		<br />Oxford &amp; Cambridge Debate?
		<br />Balloon Debate
		</td>
		<td width='30%'>
		<em>See attached sheet</em>
		</td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td width="70%">
		<strong>4.9 Note</strong>
		<br />Picocon responsibilities have been written down seperately and are available.  This is really a part of the minutes but is also there to attmept an organisational structure.
		</td>
		<td width='30%'>
		<em>Peter</em>
		</td>
	</tr>
</table>

<p><i>Meeting Closed 19:30</i></p>
<!-- last page:  -->
<!-- next page: -->
</td></tr></table>
</body>
</html>
