<!DOCTYPE html>
<!--ICSF-->
<!--Wed, 17 Oct 2018 16:10:00 +0000-->
<!--General Committee Meeting-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" lang="en" xml:lang="en" dir="ltr">
	<head>
		<!--include "stubs/headers.html"-->
		<title>Minutes: ICSF &ndash; 17/10/2018 &ndash; ICSF</title>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/resources/minutes.css" />
	</head>
	<body>
		<!--include "stubs/h1-start.html"-->
			Minutes
		<!--include "stubs/h1-end.html"-->

		<nav>
			<!--include "stubs/nav-main.html"-->
			<hr />
			<a href="<!--SRVROOT-->/committee/minutes/">Meetings</a>
			<a href="<!--SRVROOT-->/committee/#constitution">Constitution</a>
		</nav>

	<div style="position: relative;">
		<h2>Minutes of the general committee meeting of the ICSF, 17<sup>th</sup> October 2018</h2> <!-- State meeting type and date -->
		<p class="opened">Meeting Opened at 16:10</p> <!-- State meeting opening time -->
		
		<h3>Present</h3> <!-- Who was present -->
		<div class="peoples">
			Henry Wild (Chair)
			Michael Figini (Secretary)
			Matthew Legg (Treasurer)
			Matthew Last (Librarian)
			Edward Pickup (Picocon Sofa)
			Harry Black (Picocon Beanbag)
			Sequoia Trevorrow (Publicity Officer)
			Tim Davison (Tech Priest)
			Chia-Chun (Jean) Lo (Editor)
			Isabella Merritt
			Theo Gheorghiu
			Kai Lawrence
		</div>
		
		<!--**<h3>Apologies</h3>**--> <!-- Who bunked off -->
		<!--**<div class="peoples">
			Connor Winzar (Publicity Officer)
			Kai Lawrence (Chair of Vice)
		</div>**-->
		
		<!-- Matters discussed
		Major headings formatted as "h3" with class "count"
		Items under these headings formatted as a (potentially multilevel) list -->
		<h3 class="count">Old TV</h3>
		<ul>
			<li>In corridor</li>
			<li>Taken out of room then put back into corridor</li>
			<li>No one will buy?</li>
			<li>Henry says get rid of it</li>
			<li>Check if a society wants it</li>
			<li>Request college to dispose it (page put on group chat)</li>
			<li>Fine where it currently (in corridor)</li>
			<li><b>ACTION:</b> Matthew Last to find out asset tag of current TV and add that to inventory</li>
			<li><b>ACTION:</b> Get rid of old TV; dispose</li>
			<li>Put old TV back in library for collection</li>
		</ul>
		
        <p class="entrance"><i>Connor Winzar enters 16:15</i></p>
		
		<h3 class="count">Freshers Debrief</h3>
			<ul>
				<li>Membership at 61</li>
				<li>Better than last year</li>
				<li>82 members by end of year</li>
				<li>Reduce membership targets?</li>
				<li>Probably don’t need to</li>
				<li>One concern:</li>
					<ul>
						<li>Guy from America came to Meet and Greet</li>
						<li>Not from Imperial</li>
						<li>Credentials checked out</li>
						<li>He came to see about starting a Sci-Fi soc at their uni</li>
						<li>Worrying about that fact someone could find the event</li>
						<li>Double check about Union policy</li>
						<li>More personal concern</li>
						<li>Check whether random people can find our events</li>
						<li>Connor didn’t find out about this guy until 2 hours into the Meet and Greet</li>
						<li>Henry says this has never happened before to his knowledge</li>
						<li>Keep an eye on it just to check it is not a trend</li>
						<li>Make sure people on facebook group are students</li>
						<li>Have had an issue on the facebook group before</li>
						<li>A bit odd to go through facebook group and get rid of people</li>
					</ul>
			</ul>
			
		<h3 class="count">Facebook Group</h3>
			<ul>
				<li>Have current committee members as admins</li>
				<li>Have past chairs as moderators</li>
				<li>Lots of admins on the facebook group</li>
				<li>Worth having a safety method for worst case (reason for moderators)</li>
				<li>Having all committee members admins allows for quick additions to group</li>
				<li><b>VOTE:</b> Only current committee members as admins: yes 11, no 0, abstain 1, didn’t vote 1.</li>
				<li><b>ACTION:</b> Make current committee members admins and past chairs moderators</li>
			</ul>
			
        <p class="exit"><i>Tim Davison leaves 16:33</i></p>
			
		<h3 class="count">Upcoming Events</h3>
			<ul>
				<li>Escape Room</li>
					<ul>
						<li>£20 per person</li>
						<li>Place has 5/5 ratings</li>
						<li>Link in google doc</li>
						<li>6 people per time</li>
						<li>Do in batches</li>
						<li>Have event in Second term</li>
					</ul>
				<li>Halloween</li>
					<ul>
						<li>Room has been booked (Sam’s room SKEM)</li>
						<li>There are works going on near that room</li>
						<li>Connor has contacted Sam</li>
						<li>Lots of other events have had issues booking rooms</li>
						<li>Call out sheets (incomplete), print out</li>
						<li>Food</li>
						<li>Costume contest</li>
						<li>Budget: £30 for food</li>
					</ul>
				<li>Horror all-nighter</li>
					<ul>
						<li><b>ACTION:</b> Henry contact DPCS about keeping library open through the night</li>
					</ul>
				<li>Bar night</li>
					<ul>
						<li>Powerpoint done</li>
						<li>Need paper for answers to pub quiz</li>
					</ul>
				<li>Danger After 5</li>
					<ul>
						<li>Cocktail party</li>
						<li>Danger 5 has lots of cocktails so will have 2 of them</li>
						<li>£40 needed for cocktails</li>
						<li>Get people who come to pay £5</li>
					</ul>
				<li>Book Crawl</li>
					<ul>
						<li>All planned</li>
						<li>Matthew needs confirmation of another committee member there</li>
						<li>Matthew will have to leave before the end</li>
						<li>May drop the DVD store to save time</li>
						<li>Henry is happy to go</li>
					</ul>
			</ul>
			
		<h3 class="count">Facebook Group Privacy</h3>
			<ul>
				<li>New people can’t see members or what is posted
				<li>Having problem with creating events
				<li>It is now closed and private, can’t see what is posted but need to ask to join
				<li>Initially you could see everything but not post if you weren’t a member
				<li>Changed after a non-member came to an event
				<li>Need to be more aware of what we are posting if change it
				<li>Looks odd to have private events on group
				<li>Tabletop soc has been open and Gaming soc has been like us, i.e. no trend
				<li>No Union policy on this
				<li>Henry’s opinion: Negative feedback, both internal and external. Not much of an issue as long as we are aware of what we are posting
				<li>Have people message group if they are confused about event, no phone numbers
				<li>Set up Google voice for society events
				<li>Burner phone for society for designated contact
				<li>Phone calls are easier to respond to quickly
				<li><b>VOTE:</b> Google voice 1, phone for events 11 
				<li><b>ACTION:</b> Get a cheap pay as you go phone for this
				<li>Group has only changed from the outside, non-members
				<li>There is a Facebook page
			</ul>
        <p class="entrance"><i>Amelia Owens enters 17:03</i></p>
        <br>
		<p class="exit"><i>Amelia Owens leaves 17:05</i></p>
			<ul>
				<li><b>VOTE:</b> Facebook group settings: Public but member only post but non-member see 10, Keep as is only members see 0, abstain 2
				<li><b>ACTION:</b> Sequoia will delete all personal info before changing privacy</li>
				<li><b>ACTION:</b> Set privacy of Facebook page back to what it was</li>
			</ul>
			
		<h3 class="count">42<sup>nd</sup> Birthday Party</h3>
			<ul>
				<li>This academic year is the 42<sup>nd</sup> year of the society</li>
				<li>Some feasibility to this</li>
				<li>Big thing to organise</li>
				<li>Should be a proper thing for alumni</li>
				<li>6 months notice for alumni</li>
				<li>In 3rd term</li>
				<li>Need to look at what else is on in the summer</li>
				<li>Have a group to organise it</li>
				<li>Have it on one of the last days of 3rd term</li>
				<li>Doesn’t need to be in term time</li>
				<li>Proposal:</li>
					<ul>
						<li>Multiple areas open with different things on</li>
						<li>Tabletop games</li>
						<li>Chair quiz, trivia</li>
					</ul>
				<li>VOTE: Looking into this: Yes 11, no 0, abstain 1</li>
			</ul>
				
		<p class="exit"><i>Matthew Legg leaves 17:20</i></p>
				
			<ul>
				<li>Get Queens Tower room</li>
				<li>Sub-committee for this: Henry Black, Sequoia, Henry, Isabella, Matthew Legg</li>
				<li>Connor is willing to assist</li>
				<li>Theo may be able to help</li>
			</ul>
			
		<p class="entrance"><i>Matthew Legg returns 17:23</i></p>
			
		<h3 class="count">Dyson Library</h3>
			<ul>
				<li>Need to add new area for what is in there</li>
				<li>Need to double check what is in there</li>
				<li>Our budget is higher this year</li>
				<li>Can get more of the stuff on the request list</li>
				<li>Notes on Database need to be updated</li>
			</ul>
			
		<h3 class="count">Picocon Update</h3>
			<ul>
				<li>Got people coming (3 guests)</li>
				<li>Union room booking not the best at the moment</li>
				<li>All good so far</li>
				<li>Jean would like to publicise the art event earlier than normal</li>
			</ul>
			
		<h3 class="count">GDPR</h3>
			<ul>
				<li>Mailing list had to be cut down due to GDPR</li>
				<li>Think about how to get rid of them in the future</li>
			</ul>
			
		<p class="exit"><i>Theo leaves 17:35</i></p>
		
			<ul>
				<li><b>ACTION:</b> Talk to Chris about getting in contact with Khan</li>
				<li><b>ACTION:</b> Do GDPR stuff on committee list after talking to Chris</li>
			</ul>
			
		<h3 class="count">Future Meetings</h3>
			<ul>
				<li>Keep it to one every two or three weeks</li>
			</ul>
			
		<h3 class="count">Any other business</h3>
			<ul>
				<li>Publicity:</li>
					<ul>
						<li>Centrefold</li>
							<ul>
								<li>Have done it before</li>
							</ul>
						<li>Ad in Felix</li>
							<ul>
								<li>Basic ad needed</li>
								<li>£35 for smallest ad</li>
								<li>Union do the ads</li>
							</ul>
						<li>Article in Felix</li>
							<ul>
								<li>Connor could write an article if it has games in it</li>
								<li>Anyone can write an article</li>
								<li>Closer to Picocon</li>
							</ul>
						<li>Contact Central Library to give some books to them for publicity</li>
						<li>Boost fantasy, horror and Monty Python part of society</li>
						<li>Halloween party poster</li>
						<li>Recommendation list</li>
						<li>Issy is running social media mostly</li>
						<li><b>ACTION:</b> Do a how to get into the library walk</li>
					</ul>
			</ul>
												
		<!-- This block inserts a box in the top right of the page which, on mouseover,
		displays the actions and motions resulting from the meeting
		class "action" explains itself
		Motions are either class "passed" or class "failed", depending on the outcome of the vote -->
		<a onclick="window.location.hash = (window.location.hash == '#actions' ? '' : '#actions')" id="actions"><h3>Motions &amp; Actions</h3><ul>
		
		<li><span class="action"> Matthew Last to find out asset tag of current TV and add that to inventory</span></li>
		<li><span class="action"> Get rid of old TV; dispose</span></li>
		<li><span class="passed"> Only current committee members as admins: yes 11, no 0, abstain 1, didn’t vote 1</span></li>
		<li><span class="action"> Make current committee members admins and past chairs moderators</span></li>
		<li><span class="action"> Henry contact DPCS about keeping library open through the night</span></li>
		<li><span class="passed"> Google voice 1, phone for events 11</span></li>
		<li><span class="action"> Get a cheap pay as you go phone for this</span></li>
		<li><span class="passed"> Facebook group settings: Public but member only post but non-member see 10, Keep as is only members see 0, abstain 2</span></li>
		<li><span class="action"> Sequoia will delete all personal info before changing Facebook group privacy</span></li>
		<li><span class="action"> Set privacy of Facebook page back to what it was</span></li>
		<li><span class="passed"> Looking into this: Yes 11, no 0, abstain 1</span></li>
		<li><span class="action"> Talk to Chris about getting in contact with Khan</span></li>
		<li><span class="action"> Do GDPR stuff on committee list after talking to Chris</span></li>
		<li><span class="action"> Do a how to get into the library walk</span></li>
		</ul></a>
			
		<p class="opened">Meeting closed at 17:55</p>
	</body>
</html>
