<!DOCTYPE html>
<!--ICSF-->
<!--Fri, 22 Feb 2019 12:06:00 +0000-->
<!--Picocon Debrief-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" lang="en" xml:lang="en" dir="ltr">
	<head>
		<!--include "stubs/headers.html"-->
		<title>Minutes: ICSF - 22/02/2019 - ICSF</title>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/resources/minutes.css" />
	</head>
	<body>
		<!--include "stubs/h1-start.html"-->
			Minutes
		<!--include "stubs/h1-end.html"-->

		<nav>
			<!--include "stubs/nav-main.html"-->
			<hr />
			<a href="<!--SRVROOT-->/committee/minutes/">Meetings</a>
			<a href="<!--SRVROOT-->/committee/#constitution">Constitution</a>
		</nav>

	<div style="position: relative;">
		<h2>Minutes of the Picocon debrief meeting of the ICSF, 22 February 2019</h2> <!-- State meeting type and date -->
		<p class="opened">Meeting Opened at 12:06</p> <!-- State meeting opening time -->
		
		<h3>Present</h3> <!-- Who was present -->
		<div class="peoples">
			Henry Wild (Chair)
			Ed Pickup (Picocon Sofa)
			Harry Black (Picocon Beanbag)
			Michael Figini (Secretary)
			Tim Davison (Tech Priest)
			Jean Lo (Editor)
			Sequioa Trevorrow (Publicity Officer)
			Matthew Last (Librarian)
		</div>
		
		<h3>Apologies</h3> <!-- Who bunked off -->
		<div class="peoples">
			Matthew Legg (Treasurer)
			Issy Merrit (Ambassador)
			Connor Winzar (Chair of Vice)
		</div>
		
		<!-- Matters discussed
		Major headings formatted as "h3" with class "count"
		Items under these headings formatted as a (potentially multilevel) list -->
		<h3 class="count">Picocon</h3>
			<ol type="A">
				<li>General Stats</li>
					<ul>
						<li>Attendance: 116</li>
						<li>Up from last year</li>
						<li>5 tickets sold online and not collected</li>
						<li>As of today: profit £635.42 post VAT</li>
							<ul>
								<li>Not claimed back weapons</li>
							</ul>
					</ul>
		<i>Matthew Legg enters 12:08</i>
					<ul>
						<li>Income £1286.85</li>
						<li>Costs were up: £651.43</li>
						<li>Not got travel expenses from guests</li>
						<li>Costs up: stuff didn’t sell; not as much on t-shirts</li>
							<ul>
								<li>Stop stocking S and get more larger sizes</li>
									<ul>
										<li>Suggestion: Fewer T-shirts but add some polo shirts with a small Sci-Phi logo</li>
									</ul>
								<li>People liked design but shirts didn’t fit</li>
								<li>Books: Don’t get these again, they cost too much</li>
								<li>Ed will contact publishers</li>
							</ul>
					</ul>
				<li>Organisation</li>
					<ul>
						<li>‘Thanks for all the helping’ &ndash; Ed</li>
						<li>Chaperoning went all right; one didn’t go so well</li>
						<li>Had a weird beeping noise on some panels but got rid of this</li>
						<li>May need a better mic for the panel</li>
						<li>Recordings will go on YouTube when the guy has done it</li>
						<li>Great Old One Benedict allows us to use his videos and pictures</li>
					</ul>
				<li>Tables</li>
					<ul>
						<li>Mainly from main foyer</li>
						<li>Look into process of getting more tables</li>
					</ul>
				<li>Issues</li>
					<ul>
						<li>Directions on website still points to Beit not Blackett</li>
						<li>General lack of vendors due to late sending out</li>
						<li>Early start not the best</li>
							<ul>
								<li>Due to larger number of guests</li>
							</ul>
						<li>Communication problem with Union</li>
							<ul>
								<li>Didn’t get email back about car park space</li>
									<ul>
										<li>But security knew about the space</li>
									</ul>
								<li>Security didn’t know that the rooms needed to be unlocked even though we had a room booking</li>
							</ul>
					</ul>
				<li>Events and RAG</li>
					<ul>
						<li>Still have RAG buckets: £323.60</li>
						<li>Less than last year</li>
						<li>Some people may not have found Queen’s Lawn</li>
						<li>Link DoDM with where the food is</li>
						<li>Will need more protection for the duel</li>
							<ul>
								<li>Don’t cross contaminate protection and other things so people who are allergic don’t have a problem</li>
							</ul>
						<li>Pub quiz went well but wasn’t in a pub (main problem)</li>
							<ul>
								<li>Mix of questions was good</li>
							</ul>
					</ul>
				<li>Union/Food</li>
					<ul>
						<li>Poor communication</li>
						<li>hBar changed their mind in January</li>
							<ul>
								<li>Then contacted Union</li>
							</ul>
						<li>When we spoke to Union bar they were good</li>
						<li>Long wait times for food was not good</li>
						<li>Try to get hBar next year</li>
						<li>Could try to get hBar for pub quiz next year</li>
						<li>Some people don’t go to DoDM because it is samey</li>
					</ul>
				<li>Other societies</li>
					<ul>
						<li>Contacted tabletop late but they like us so all was good</li>
						<li>Gaming seemed to go fine</li>
						<li>Maybe start gaming and tabletop earlier</li>
						<li>Contact them earlier to advertise earlier</li>
					</ul>
				<li>Guests of Honour</li>
					<ul>
						<li>Good to mixed feedback about guests</li>
							<ul>
								<li>Ed and similar aged people liked them</li>
								<li>Some of the Great Old Ones didn’t like that it was all white men</li>
								<li>Some said too many Guests (normally 3 or 4)</li>
								<li>Shorten talks when large number of guests</li>
							</ul>
						<li>It got very political</li>
							<ul>
								<li>This can be alienating</li>
							</ul>
						<li>Some of the talks were political</li>
						<li>Give general advice of not too much political</li>
						<li>All guests had a lovely time</li>
							<ul>
								<li>All seemed to enjoy it</li>
								<li>Reminded them they get free entry to all future picocon</li>
							</ul>
					</ul>
				<li>Publicity</li>
					<ul>
						<li>We tweeted more than last year</li>
						<li>There may be an old twitter account; Sequoia will try to get password for it</li>
						<li>Website and emails went well</li>
						<li>Postering and flyers to be done earlier</li>
					</ul>
				<li>Other</li>
					<ul>
						<li>Still don’t know location of the Picocon banner</li>
						<li>Union say they gave bag away</li>
						<li>Look into getting another banner</li>
						<li>Paying for stuff with bank transfers is best</li>
						<li>Do stuff earlier next year</li>
						<li>Henry is happy to make puzzles for future years</li>
					</ul>
				<li>Wyrmtongue</li>
					<ul>
						<li>If things had been confirmed earlier everything would have been smoother</li>
					</ul>
			</ol>
			
		<h3 class="count">AGM</h3>
			<ul>
				<li>Set AGM for March 15<sup>th</sup> at 18:00</li>
				<li class="action">Henry to book room for AGM</li>
			</ul>
			
		<!-- This block inserts a box in the top right of the page which, on mouseover,
		displays the actions and motions resulting from the meeting
		class "action" explains itself
		Motions are either class "passed" or class "failed", depending on the outcome of the vote -->
		<a onclick="window.location.hash = (window.location.hash == '#actions' ? '' : '#actions')" id="actions"><h3>Motions &amp; Actions</h3><ul>
		<li><span class="action"> Henry to book room for AGM</span></li>
		</ul></a>
			
		<p class="opened">Meeting closed at 12:56</p>
	</body>
</html>
