<!DOCTYPE html>
<!--ICSF-->
<!--Wed, 07 Nov 2018 15:10:00 +0000-->
<!--General Committee Meeting-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" lang="en" xml:lang="en" dir="ltr">
	<head>
		<!--include "stubs/headers.html"-->
		<title>Minutes: ICSF &ndash; 07/11/2018 &ndash; ICSF</title>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/resources/minutes.css" />
	</head>
	<body>
		<!--include "stubs/h1-start.html"-->
			Minutes
		<!--include "stubs/h1-end.html"-->

		<nav>
			<!--include "stubs/nav-main.html"-->
			<hr />
			<a href="<!--SRVROOT-->/committee/minutes/">Meetings</a>
			<a href="<!--SRVROOT-->/committee/#constitution">Constitution</a>
		</nav>

	<div style="position: relative;">
		<h2>Minutes of the general committee meeting of the ICSF, 7<sup>th</sup> November 2018</h2> <!-- State meeting type and date -->
		<p class="opened">Meeting Opened at 15:10</p> <!-- State meeting opening time -->
		
		<h3>Present</h3> <!-- Who was present -->
		<div class="peoples">
			Henry Wild (Chair)
			Connor Winzar (Chair of Vice)
			Michael Figini (Secretary)
			Matthew Legg (Treasurer)
			Matthew Last (Librarian)
			Edward Pickup (Picocon Sofa)
			Harry Black (Picocon Beanbag)
			Jean Lo (Editor)
			Tim Davison (Tech Priest)
			Isabella Merritt
			Theo Gheorghiu
			Kai Lawerence
		</div>
		
		<h3>Apologies</h3><!-- Who bunked off -->
		<div class="peoples">
			Sequoia Trevorrow
		</div>
		
		<!-- Matters discussed
		Major headings formatted as "h3" with class "count"
		Items under these headings formatted as a (potentially multilevel) list -->
		<h3 class="count">Freshers Event Final Wrap-up</h3>
			<ul>
				<li>Done well, Connor says</li>
				<li>Decent turnout for events</li>
				<li>Dyson Library was good</li>
				<li>Feedback from new person: Rocky Horror call outs a bit weird at first</li>
				<li>Currently at 59 student members; not doing worse than last year</li>
				<li>Publicise Bar Night, to get new members? £5 drink for free</li>
				<li class="action">Sequoia to publicise in Freshers groups about the Harry Potter movie going and other events coming up soon &ndash; advertise lending library within these posts</li>
				<li class="action">Sequoia to make sure the posts mention £5 drink and subsidised ticket</li>
			</ul>
				
		<h3 class="count">Book Crawl</h3>
			<ul>
				<li>8 people went</li>
				<li>Some freshers</li>
				<li>Matthew Last says it went well</li>
			</ul>
			
		<h3 class="count">Future Events</h3>
			<ul>
				<li>Crimes of Grindelwald, Bar Night, Themed Friday…</li>
				<li>Turnout for themed Fridays?
					<ul>
						<li>Depends on theme</li>
						<li>Will turn to every two weeks</li>
					</ul>
				</li>
				<li>Bit much for Connor</li>
				<li>Need more people to prepare so event starts on time</li>
				<li class="motion">Run Themed Fridays fortnightly instead of weekly
					<ul>
						<li>Yes: 10; No: 0; Abstain: 2</li>
					</ul>
				</li>
				<li class="action">ICSF to run Themed Fridays every two weeks from 09/11/2018</li>
				<li>Events calendar on website needs to be updated</li>
				<li>Shared calendar?</li>
				<li class="action">Henry to look into shared calendar</li>
				<li>Term 2 will have fewer events
					<ul>
						<li>More like going out events</li>
						<li>Still in planning stage</li>
					</ul>
				</li>
			</ul>
			
		<h3 class="count">Dyson &amp; Library Status</h3>
			<ul>
				<li>Dyson organisation not done yet</li>
				<li>Looked at second stage books in Dyson; there are none</li>
				<li>Little bit of a problem with opening at 12pm</li>
				<li>Need to find out who can open the library for vague schedule</li>
				<li class="action">Matthew Last to do a general idea of who can open library when</li>
				<li>Database
					<ul>
						<li>Head Librarian can now specify type</li>
						<li>Can specify Dyson as a location</li>
					</ul>
				</li>
			</ul>
							
		<p class="exit"><i>Theo leaves 15:37</i></p>
			<ul style="list-style: none">
				<li>
					<ul>
						<li>Tim can now edit large blocks</li>
					</ul>
				</li>
			</ul>
			
		<h3 class="count">Email Clarity</h3>
			<ul>
				<li>Weekly email to say what is on this week</li>
				<li>Bigger events need extra email sent to remind</li>
				<li>Other societies send their weekly emails on Sunday or Monday</li>
				<li class="action">Michael to send out weekly email, on Tuesday, with info from Connor on events and podcast info</li>
				<li class="action">Connor to send out emails about big events</li>
				<li class="action">Make GDPR emails separate emails</li>
				<li>Society email on website is not seen as much</li>
				<li class="action">Tim to look at auto forwarding rules of the society email</li>
			</ul>
			
		<h3 class="count">Publicity Update</h3>
			<ul>
				<li>No response from Central Library</li>
				<li>Will go in person instead</li>
			</ul>
		
		<h3 class="count">Update on Staying in the Library Overnight</h3>
			<ul>
				<li>No response from email</li>
				<li>Henry will figure it out</li>
				<li>Permission is a few years out of date, so we need it renewed</li>
			</ul>
		
		<h3 class="count">Library Social Space</h3>
			<ul>
				<li>Not enough fresher knowledge</li>
				<li>Have added it to weekly email</li>
			</ul>
		
		<h3 class="count">Broadsheet Article</h3>
			<ul>
				<li>Wanted to meet on 15<sup>th</sup> November</li>
				<li>Advertise to non-committee members</li>
				<li>Advertise Picocon for this as well</li>
				<li>Accurate science fiction</li>
				<li class="action">Michael to write about a Doctor Who episode; Ed to write a picocon advertisement; Henry to write something</li>
				<li class="action">Callout to Whatsapp group to get more people</li>
			</ul>
		
		<h3 class="count">Committee Replacement Numbers</h3>
			<ul>
				<li>Worth seeing if people would want to run</li>
				<li>Seeding ideas</li>
			</ul>
		
		<h3 class="count">Get in Contact with Other Uni Sci-Fi Societies</h3>
		
		<h3 class="count">Getting Netflix &amp; Such on TV</h3>
			<ul>
				<li>Raspberry Pi or Fire Stick</li>
				<li>Both would need ethernet cable</li>
				<li class="action">Tim to look into replacing the server</li>
				<li class="voting">Which to purchase for Netflix - Fire Stick or Raspberry Pi:
					<ul>
						<li>Fire Stick: 0; Raspberry Pi: 7; Abstain: 4</li>
					</ul>
				</li>
				<li class="action">Tim to look into getting a Raspberry Pi set up</li>
			</ul>
			
		<h3 class="count">Any other business</h3>
			<ul>
				<li class="action">Matthew Last to look into completing Doctor Who DVD collection</li>
			</ul>
			
		<i>Committee sings Happy Birthday to Michael</i>
												
		<!-- This block inserts a box in the top right of the page which, on mouseover,
		displays the actions and motions resulting from the meeting
		class "action" explains itself
		Motions are either class "passed" or class "failed", depending on the outcome of the vote -->
		<a onclick="window.location.hash = (window.location.hash == '#actions' ? '' : '#actions')" id="actions"><h3>Motions &amp; Actions</h3><ul>
		
		<li><span class="action"> Sequoia to publicise in Freshers groups about the Harry Potter movie going and other events coming up soon &ndash; advertise lending library within these posts</span></li>
		<li><span class="action"> Sequoia to make sure the posts mention £5 drink and subsidised ticket</span></li>
		<li><span class="passed"> Run Themed Fridays fortnightly instead of weekly: For 10, Against 0, Abstain 2</span></li>
		<li><span class="action"> ICSF to run Themed Fridays every two weeks from 09/11/2018</span></li>
		<li><span class="action"> Henry to look into shared calendar</span></li>
		<li><span class="action"> Matthew Last to do a general idea of who can open library when</span></li>
		<li><span class="action"> Michael to send out weekly email, on Tuesday, with info from Connor on events and podcast info</span></li>
		<li><span class="action"> Connor to send out emails about big events</span></li>
		<li><span class="action"> Make GDPR emails separate emails</span></li>
		<li><span class="action"> Tim to look at auto forwarding rules of the society email</span></li>
		<li><span class="action"> RCSU Broadsheet: Michael to write about a Doctor Who episode; Ed to write a picocon advertisement; Henry to write something</span></li>
		<li><span class="action"> Callout to Whatsapp group to get more people</span></li>
		<li><span class="action"> Tim to look into replacing the server</span></li>
		<li><span class="passed"> Which to purchase for Netflix - Fire Stick or Raspberry Pi: Fire Stick 0, Raspberry Pi 7, Abstain 4</span></li>
		<li><span class="action"> Tim to look into getting a Raspberry Pi set up</span></li>
		<li><span class="action"> Matthew Last to look into completing Doctor Who DVD collection</span></li>
		
		</ul></a>
			
		<p class="opened">Meeting closed at 16:12</p>
	</body>
</html>
