<!DOCTYPE html>
<!--ICSF-->
<!--Fri, 15 Mar 2019 18:11:00 +0000-->
<!--Annual General Meeting-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" lang="en" xml:lang="en" dir="ltr">
	<head>
		<!--include "stubs/headers.html"-->
		<title>Minutes: ICSF - 15/03/2019 - AGM - ICSF</title>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/resources/minutes.css" />
	</head>
	<body>
		<!--include "stubs/h1-start.html"-->
			Minutes
		<!--include "stubs/h1-end.html"-->

		<nav>
			<!--include "stubs/nav-main.html"-->
			<hr />
			<a href="<!--SRVROOT-->/committee/minutes/">Meetings</a>
			<a href="<!--SRVROOT-->/committee/#constitution">Constitution</a>
		</nav>

	<div style="position: relative;">
		<h2>Minutes of the annual general meeting of the ICSF, 15 March 2019</h2> <!-- State meeting type and date -->
		<p class="opened">Meeting Opened at 18:11</p> <!-- State meeting opening time -->
		
		<h3>Present</h3> <!-- Who was present -->
		<div class="peoples">
			Michael Figini (Secretary)
			Henry Leventhorpe (Life member &ndash; can’t vote)
			Michael Lawrence 
			Edward Pickup (Picocon Sofa)
			Harry Black (Picocon Beanbag)
			Sintija Raudonyte 
			Sequoia Trevorrow (Publicity Officer)
			Chia-Chun Lo (Editor)
			Matthew Last (Librarian)
			Christopher Turner 
			Timothy Davison (Tech Priest)
			Henry Wild (Chair)
			Matthew Legg (Treasurer)
			Jakub Dranczewski (Non-member)
		</div>
		
		<h3>Apologies</h3> <!-- Who bunked off -->
		<div class="peoples">
			Connor Winzar (Chair of Vice)
		</div>
		
		<!-- Matters discussed
		Major headings formatted as "h3" with class "count"
		Items under these headings formatted as a (potentially multilevel) list -->
		<h2 class="countagm">Executive Committee Reports</h2>
		
		<h3 class="countagm">Chair's Report</h3>
			<ul>
				<li>Overall good</li>
				<li>No major problems</li>
				<li>Great move forwards with publicity</li>
				<li>Moving server over</li>
				<li>Getting late-night access to library is going well</li>
			</ul>
			
		<h3 class="countagm">Chair of Vice's Report</h3>
			<ul>
				<li>Too many events in first term</li>
				<li>Halloween and Christmas went well but difficult to set up</li>
				<li>Too many themed Fridays</li>
				<li>Inverse in second term</li>
				<li>Only three themed Fridays in second term</li>
				<li>Low turnout for events</li>
			</ul>
			
		<h3 class="countagm">Picocon Sofa's Report</h3>
			<ul>
				<li>Attendance 116, up from 105 last year</li>
				<li>Profit: £635; still some claims to do</li>
				<li>Profit down from last year, due to buying too much merchandise</li>
				<li>RAG money: £323, down from last year</li>
				<li>Accommodation costs went up due to late booking</li>
			</ul>
			
		<h3 class="countagm">Librarian's report</h3>
			<ul>
				<li>Better year than last year &ndash; no flood</li>
				<li>DVDs and books have been bought</li>
				<li>New ways of doing stuff have been found</li>
				<li>Used Dyson library for extra storage</li>
				<li>Got more Doctor Who DVDs (Michael says ‘Woo’)</li>
				<li>Re-organisation is going well</li>
				<li>Capitalised on January deals from Foyles</li>
				<li>62 loans of items</li>
				<li>9688 books in database</li>
			</ul>
			
		<h3 class="countagm">Treasurer's Report</h3>
			<ul>
				<li>Due to flood last year started with more money</li>
				<li>Looking to break even this year</li>
				<li>Should end up with excess</li>
				<li>Maybe in future look into spending money on upgrading library</li>
				<li>Budget has always been interesting</li>
				<li>Cut down on what we were asking for for last few years</li>
				<li>More detailed budget sent this year</li>
				<li>Gaining about 2/3 of what we ask for in grant</li>
				<li>At about 63 members this year</li>
				<li>This will affect the grant</li>
				<li>Maybe try to get more members to get more grant</li>
			</ul>
			
		<h2 class="countagm">Committee Elections</h2>
		
		<h3 class="countagm">Traditional Voting System</h3>
			<ul>
				<li>Vote for the person you want to lose</li>
				<li>People get eliminated &ndash; last one standing wins</li>
				<li>Miranda will stand as RON</li>
			</ul>
			
		<h3 class="countagm"><span class="elector">Chair Entity</span></h3>
			<ul>
				<li>Matthew Last stands</li>
				<li>Miranda stands</li>
				<li><b>Matthew’s speech:</b></li>
					<ul>
						<li>May know me from silly games at Picocon and Librarian’s report earlier.</li>
						<li>Would like to have an overview of work flow in the committee, as it is not 100% even.</li>
						<li>Delegate other committee members and/or normal members.</li>
						<li>I would take up a role to support other people in the society and handling the Union side of things.</li>
						<li>I would be looking into holding more inter-society events, with Gaming and Tabletop or other societies, for film nights.</li>
						<li>Have experience as Librarian, in there a lot, have been publicity officer for Christian Union.</li>
						<li>Would like to help the society grow.</li>
					</ul>
				<li><b>Miranda's speech:</b></li>
					<ul>
						<li>May remember me as a Dalek, would have the power to exterminate everyone in the library</li>
					</ul>
			</ul>
					
		<h4 class="countagm">Questions for the Candidates</h4>
			
			<ul>
				<li>Given that we may have a diminished committee does the Chair have enough time to do other roles?</li>
					<ul>
						<li>Matthew:<br>‘Will delegate jobs to get this done. Degree not a problem. Only other part is being part of Christian Union’</li>
						<li>Miranda:<br>‘Will replace people with Daleks’</li>
					</ul>
				<li>We know the Union is a pain; are you prepared for this?</li>
					<ul>
						<li>Matthew:<br>‘I am a patient person. I intend to talk to previous committees when the Union is a pain, will keep ear to the ground.’</li>
						<li>Miranda:<br>‘Exterminating the Union’</li>
					</ul>
				<li>Who/what do you think is the best villain in a Doctor Who episode?</li>
					<ul>
						<li>Matthew:<br>‘The weeping angels’</li>
						<li>Miranda:<br>‘The doctor’</li>
					</ul>
				<li>Comment on the library's location, with respect to getting members.</li>
					<ul>
						<li>Matthew:<br>‘Sign posting. Make sure people know about it. Publicity at Freshers’ Fair and after. Putting signs out. Make the sign brighter!’</li>
					</ul>
			</ul>
			
			<h4 class="countagm">Voting Starts</h4>
			
			<ul>
				<li>1st Round: Miranda eliminated (13 votes for Miranda; 2 Can’t vote)</li>
				<li class="election">Matthew Last as Chair Entity</li>
			</ul>
			
		<h3 class="countagm"><span class="elector">Treasurer</span></h3>
			<ul>
				<li>Description of role</li>
				<li>Michael Figini Stands</li>
				<li>Miranda stands</li>
				<li><b>Michael's speech:</b></li>
					<ul>
						<li>I was secretary this year, feel like I’ve done an ok job.</li>
						<li>I’m good at prioritising, good at chasing people up.</li>
						<li>Yeah that’s me.</li>
					</ul>
				<li><b>Miranda's speech:</b></li>
					<ul>
						<li>Am good at sponsorship.</li>
					</ul>
			</ul>
						
			<h4 class="countagm">Questions for the Candidates</h4>
			
			<ul>
				<li>How much experience do the candidates have at eactivies and claims?</li>
					<ul>
						<li>Michael 'I’m fine to spend the required time to learn'</li>
						<li>Miranda 'Dalek nonsense'</li>
					</ul>
				<li>What is the candidates' opinion on having a firm stance if people spend too much?</li>
					<ul>
						<li>Michael:<br>'Perfectly fine to remind people to do stuff in a nice way'</li>
						<li>Miranda:<br>'Exterminate first'</li>
					</ul>
				<li>Master of Coin or Treasurer?</li>
					<ul>
						<li>Michael:<br>'BDSM answer: Hoardkeeper'</li>
						<li>Miranda:<br>'Yes'</li>
					</ul>
				<li>Once we collect all of Doctor Who, what then?</li>
					<ul>
						<li>Michael:<br>'My life’s goal'</li>
						<li>Miranda:<br>'Find the lost episodes'</li>
					</ul>
				<li>Are the candidates OK chasing Chair of Vice for events over money box?</li>
					<ul>
						<li>Michael:<br>'Yeah I can do that'</li>
						<li>Miranda:<br>'Kill them all'</li>
					</ul>
			</ul>
			
		<h4 class="countagm">Voting Starts</h4>
			<ul>
				<li>1<sup>st</sup> Round: Miranda Eliminated (13 votes for Miranda; 2 Can’t vote)</li>
				<li class="election">Michael Figini as Treasurer</li>
			</ul>
						
		<h3 class="countagm"><span class="elector">Secretary</span></h3>
			<ul>
				<li>Description of role</li>
				<li>Will return to this later</li>
			</ul>
			
		<h3 class="countagm"><span class="elector">Chair of Vice</span></h3>
			<ul>
				<li>Description of role</li>
				<li>No one stands</li>
			</ul>
		
		<h3 class="countagm"><span class="elector">Head Librarian</span></h3>
			<ul>
				<li>Description of role</li>
				<li>Sintija stands</li>
				<li>Miranda stands</li>
				<li>Sintija's speech:</li>
					<ul>
						<li>Would like to stand as I would like to be part of the committee and not the silent girl reading.</li>
						<li>I like to organise books.</li>
						<li>Not bothered about what books I will get.</li>
					</ul>
				<li>Miranda's speech:</li>
					<ul>
						<li>Will exterminate books.</li>
					</ul>
			</ul>
			
			<h4 class="countagm">Questions for the Candidates</h4>
			
			<ul>
				<li>How good are the candidates at delegation?</li>
					<ul>
						<li>Sintija:<br>‘Not the best but can do it’</li>
						<li>Miranda:<br>‘Will exterminate’</li>
					</ul>
				<li>What do the candidates think about their next year with free time organising the library?</li>
					<ul>
						<li>Sintija:<br>‘Good at spending my free time doing other things this year so can use it for that next year’</li>
						<li>Miranda:<br>‘Dalek invasion not progressing so will do that instead’</li>
					</ul>
				<li>Will the candidates buy the DC Animated movies?</li>
					<ul>
						<li>Sintija:<br>‘Depends on committee’</li>
						<li>Miranda:<br>‘Will check’</li>
					</ul>
				<li>Plans on what will go to Dyson?</li>
					<ul>
						<li>Sintija:<br>‘Not yet’</li>
					</ul>
				<li>Most important book series we don’t have?</li>
					<ul>
						<li>Sintija:<br>‘Don’t have <i>Ender’s Game</i> even though it is on the database’</li>
						<li></li>
					</ul>
				<li>Anything the candidates would like to change about the library?</li>
					<ul>
						<li>Sintija:<br>‘Change the chairs. Little labels for where the sections start.’</li>
						<li>Miranda:<br>‘Introduce more Daleks’</li>
					</ul>
				<li>What is the candidates' opinion on corruption?</li>
					<ul>
						<li>Miranda:<br>‘Yes’</li>
						<li>Sintija:<br>‘No’</li>
					</ul>
			</ul>
			
			<h4 class="countagm">Voting Starts</h4>
			<ul>
				<li>1<sup>st</sup> Round: Miranda Eliminated (12 votes for Miranda; 1 abstaining; 2 Can’t vote)</li>
				<li class="election">Sintija Raudonyte as Head Librarian</li>
			</ul>
		
		<h3 class="countagm"><span class="elector">Picocon Sofa</span></h3>
			<ul>
				<li>Description of role</li>
				<li>Harry Black stands</li>
				<li>Miranda stands</li>
				<li>Harry's speech:</li>
					<ul>
						<li>I am 6 months ahead already.</li>
						<li>This is more of an opportunity to vote against my ideas rather than against me.</li>
					</ul>
				<li>Miranda's speech:</li>
					<ul>
						<li>Never used a sofa so would like to be one</li>
					</ul>
			</ul>
			
			<h4 class="countagm">Questions for the Candidates</h4>
			
			<ul>
				<li>Why is it called the sofa?</li>
					<ul>
						<li>Harry:<br>‘It's like a chair but more comfortable’</li>
					</ul>
				<li>Any ideas for guests?</li>
					<ul>
						<li>Harry:<br>‘I have some already, with an order priority already. One is Adam Cobel, who created <i>Dungeon World</i>.’</li>
						<li>Miranda:<br>‘Yes, general efficiency of Dalek invasion’</li>
					</ul>
				<li>Do the candidates plan to change the layout?</li>
					<ul>
						<li>Harry:<br>‘Turkey readings will be changed’</li>
						<li>Miranda:<br>‘Shooting range’</li>
					</ul>
				<li>What natural disaster would you want to happen during the event?</li>
					<ul>
						<li>Harry:<br>‘Hurricane to stop people going outside’</li>
						<li>Miranda:<br>‘Dalek invasion’</li>
					</ul>
				<li>Do you have much free time?</li>
					<ul>
						<li>Harry:<br>‘I'm only part of this society so I have enough’</li>
						<li></li>
					</ul>
				<li>Sci Fi library open during Picocon?</li>
					<ul>
						<li>Harry:<br>‘Open during lunch time for see it while you eat’</li>
						<li>Miranda:<br>‘Need a place to start invasion’</li>
					</ul>
			</ul>
			
			<h4 class="countagm">Voting Starts</h4>
			<ul>
				<li>1<sup>st</sup> Round: Miranda Eliminated (12 votes for Miranda; 3 Can’t vote; 1 Not voting)</li>
				<li class="election">Harry Black as Picocon Sofa</li>
			</ul>
		
		<h3 class="countagm"><span class="elector">Picocon Beanbag</span></h3>
			<ul>
				<li>Description of role</li>
				<li>No one stands</li>
			</ul>
		
		<h3 class="countagm"><span class="elector">Publicity Officer</span></h3>
			<ul>
				<li>Description of role</li>
				<li>No one stands</li>
			</ul>
		
		<h3 class="countagm"><span class="elector">Tech Priest</span></h3>
			<ul>
				<li>Description of role</li>
				<li>Timothy Davison stands</li>
				<li>Miranda stands</li>
				<li>Timothy's speech:</li>
					<ul>
						<li>‘I’ve been Tech Priest for 2 years; nothing exploded.</li>
						<li>Made the website more mobile friendly and made a few quality of life improvements to the database.</li>
						<li>I enjoy my job.</li>
					</ul>
				<li>Miranda's speech:</li>
					<ul>
						<li>Tim has been the Tech Priest for two years and <em>NOTHING HAS EXPLODED!</em></li>
					</ul>
			</ul>
			
			<h4 class="countagm">Questions for the Candidates</h4>
			
			<ul>
				<li>Where were the candidates when the TV went pop?</li>
					<ul>
						<li>Tim:<br>‘Outside of the room’</li>
						<li>Miranda:<br>‘Didn’t notice’</li>
					</ul>
				<li>Do the candidates believe it is worth moving the database to the Union server?</li>
					<ul>
						<li>Tim:<br>‘Less stuff to battle with’</li>
						<li>Miranda:<br>‘Yep’</li>
					</ul>
				<li>How confident are you in teaching a replacement?</li>
					<ul>
						<li>Tim:<br>‘Need to write a handover document. If they are interested they will be keen enough to learn.’</li>
					</ul>
				<li>Anything in the library that needs to be changed?</li>
					<ul>
						<li>Tim:<br>‘Remove the TechnoCrap&#8482; and set up the Pi’</li>
					</ul>
				<li>In-terms of setting up the Pi, are you considering other options?</li>
					<ul>
						<li>Tim:<br>‘Current plan is to set up the Pi as a WiFi hotspot and then use the Roku’</li>
					</ul>
			</ul>
			
			<h4 class="countagm">Voting Starts</h4>
			<ul>
				<li>1<sup>st</sup> Round: Miranda Eliminated (13 votes for Miranda; 3 Can’t vote)</li>
				<li class="election">Timothy Davison as Tech Priest</li>
			</ul>
		
		<h3 class="countagm"><span class="elector">Editor</span></h3>
			<ul>
				<li>Description of role</li>
				<li>Chia-Chun stands</li>
				<li>Miranda stands</li>
				<li>Chia-Chun's speech:</li>
					<ul>
						<li>Been editor this year, typed things up at 3 in the morning.</li>
						<li>Tried to get things done.</li>
						<li>Would love to do it next year.</li>
					</ul>
				<li>Miranda's speech:</li>
					<ul>
						<li>‘Limited vocabulary will help; everything will be simple’</li>
					</ul>
			</ul>
			
			<h4 class="countagm">Questions for the Candidates</h4>
				<ul>
					<li>What would the candidates like to change this year?</li>
						<ul>
							<li>Chia-Chun:<br>‘Get more societies into putting things in the magazines and do more for the newsletter.’</li>
							<li>Miranda:<br>‘Baking recipes’</li>
						</ul>
					<li>We have had people ask to write stuff; how would the candidates use this to get people into the society?</li>
						<ul>
							<li>Chia-Chun:<br>‘Would like to write some and can delegate’</li>
							<li>Miranda:<br>‘Exterminate them’</li>
						</ul>
				</ul>
			
			<h4 class="countagm">Voting Starts</h4>
			<ul>
				<li>1<sup>st</sup> Round: Miranda Eliminated (13 votes for Miranda; 3 Can’t vote)</li>
				<li class="election">Chia-Chun Lo as Editor</li>
			</ul>
			
		<h3 class="countagm"><span class="elector">Secretary (2<sup>nd</sup> Try)</span></h3>
			<ul>
				<li>Description of role</li>
				<li>Sequoia stands</li>
				<li>Miranda stands</li>
				<li>Sequoia's speech:</li>
					<ul>
						<li>I can write things down.</li>
						<li>Can write emails.</li>
						<li>Fine with GDPR stuff.</li>
						<li>Live close by so can go to the meetings.</li>
					</ul>
				<li>Miranda's speech:</li>
					<ul>
						<li>Simplistic &ndash; make all emails say exterminate!</li>
					</ul>
			</ul>
			
			<h4 class="countagm">Questions for the Candidates</h4>
				<ul>
					<li>How frequently will the candidates send emails?</li>
						<ul>
							<li>Sequoia:<br>‘As often as needed &ndash; 1 or 2 a week’</li>
						</ul>
					<li>Are the candidates able to type?</li>
						<ul>
							<li>Sequoia:<br>‘I have not fingers’</li>
							<li>Miranda:<br>‘I have no fingers’</li>
						</ul>
				</ul>
			
			<h4 class="countagm">Voting Starts</h4>
			<ul>
				<li>1<sup>st</sup> Round: Miranda Eliminated (13 votes for Miranda; 3 Can’t vote)</li>
				<li class="election">Sequoia Trevorrow as Secretary</li>
			</ul>
			
		<ul>
			<li>We are currently missing: Chair of Vice, Beanbag and Publicity Officer.</li>
			<li>Would anyone like to stand for these roles?</li>
		</ul>
		
		<h3 class="countagm"><span class="elector">Publicity Officer (2<sup>nd</sup> Try)</span></h3>
			<ul>
				<li>Matthew Legg stands as acting Publicity Officer</li>
				<li>Miranda stands</li>
				<li>Matthew's speech:</li>
					<ul>
						<li>I can do publicity as I have an active Twitter profile and Instagram.</li>
						<li>Hope I can do it remotely; would like to help out.</li>
					</ul>
				<li>Miranda's speech:</li>
					<ul>
						<li>I am an artist at heart and would like to make posters.</li>
					</ul>
			</ul>
			
			<h4 class="countagm">Questions for the Candidates</h4>
				<ul>
					<li>Are the candidates sorry for stealing Tim’s chair?</li>
						<ul>
							<li>Matthew:<br>‘No’</li>
							<li>Miranda:<br>‘Yes’</li>
						</ul>
					<li>What are the candidates' preferred poster making software?</li>
						<ul>
							<li>Matthew:<br>‘Can look into using Word or Paint or Photoshop’</li>
							<li>Miranda:<br>‘Will use Inkscape’</li>
						</ul>
					<li>Any new forms or ideas?</li>
						<ul>
							<li>Matthew:<br>‘Try to get Freshers more active in the society. Maybe look into targeting “Wanna Go Wednesdays”. See if the Union has other ways to help’</li>
						</ul>
					<li>Any ideas on a Centrefold page?</li>
						<ul>
							<li>Matthew:<br>‘Not against it but would need ideas. Will need co-ordination.’</li>
							<li>Miranda:<br>‘I am all for showcasing the Dalek body’</li>
						</ul>
					<li>Any ideas on updating the Facebook cover photo?</li>
						<ul>
							<li>Matthew:<br>‘Will look into it, as I don’t recognise many of the people there. Will be around for events.’</li>
						</ul>
					<li>Opinions on Sci Fi logo?</li>
						<ul>
							<li>Matthew:<br>‘Open to ideas; prefer solid one to the phased one’</li>
						</ul>
				</ul>
			
			<h4 class="countagm">Voting Starts</h4>
			<ul>
				<li>1<sup>st</sup> Round: Miranda Eliminated (13 votes for Miranda; 3 Can’t vote)</li>
				<li class="election">Matthew Legg as Acting Publicity Officer</li>
			</ul>
			
		<ul>
			<li>Chair of Vice: Nobody stands</li>
				<ul>
					<li>Will get them elected at an EGM next year</li>
				</ul>
		</ul>
		
		<h2 class="countagm">Other Business</h2>
		
		<h3 class="countagm">Ambassador Role</h3>
			<ul>
				<li>Trialled it</li>
				<li>Got absorbed into Publicity</li>
				<li>Sequoia was not aware of this role (She was not at the AGM last year)</li>
					<ul>
						<li>Was then confused what this role was</li>
					</ul>
				<li>Initial idea was for this role to be outreach publicity, outside of the Union</li>
				<li>Picocon Sofa does a lot of the above themselves so no need</li>
				<li>Most of the people who are outreach are on a mailing list</li>
				<li>Henry says it was a failed experiment</li>
				<li>Would need a more open remit for a person to help-out the rest of the committee</li>
				<li>Make Beanbag a general help-out person not just a Sofa help-out person</li>
				<li>Our new Chair has stated he is thinking about delegating more so a help-out person would be helpful</li>
				<li>Editor could be folded into another role &ndash; Secretary?</li>
				<li>Keep this in mind for next year</li>
				<li>Sense that due to differing work loads, what is delegated to whom will change during the year, so better to have an awareness rather than a specific help-out person</li>
				<li>Maybe double up on Chair of Vice if we have a lot of Freshers, rather than a help-out person</li>
			</ul>
			
		<h3 class="countagm">Standing Orders, Constitution &amp; Committee Role Descriptions</h3>
			<ul>
				<li>Committee role descriptions are in the Standing Orders; therefore, any change to the descriptions published on the website may need to be put to a vote</li>
					<ul>
						<li>Standing orders and constitution are not up to date on the Website</li>
						<li class="passed">Make sure we have up to date documents on the website &ndash; YES: 14; NO: 0; CAN’T VOTE: 3</li>
						<li>Union has an issue uploading constitutions</li>
						<li>Core activities are read out</li>
						<li>No comments</li>
						<li>Aims and Objectives read out</li>
						<li>No comments</li>
						<li class="passed">Ratify the Core Activities and Aims &amp; Objectives &ndash; YES: 14; NO: 0; CAN’T VOTE: 3</li>
						<li>Our keys were recently lost</li>
							<ul>
								<li>Tracker for the keys was discussed</li>
								<li>Tile</li>
								<li>Tile Pro was purchased and was set up using the Secretary Gmail</li>
									<ul>
										<li>Multiple devices can be set up per account</li>
										<li>It works for telling that the keys are nearby, and for alerting nearby peeps</li>
									</ul>
							</ul>
						<li>Spare keys &ndash; one for Union &amp; one for the Chair</li>
						<li class="action">Henry Wild to look into replacing the card on the keys</li>
						<li><strong>NOTE: </strong>Henry Leventhorpe demands access to the Library</li>
					</ul>
			</ul>
			
		<p>Motion to re-name Treasurer to Keeper of Coin from Leventhorpe; no one seconds.</p>
			
		<!-- This block inserts a box in the top right of the page which, on mouseover,
		displays the actions and motions resulting from the meeting
		class "action" explains itself
		Motions are either class "passed" or class "failed", depending on the outcome of the vote -->
		<a onclick="window.location.hash = (window.location.hash == '#actions' ? '' : '#actions')" id="actions"><h3>Motions &amp; Actions</h3><ul>
		<li><span class="election">Matthew Last as Chair Entity</span></li>
		<li><span class="election">Michael Figini as Treasurer</span></li>
		<li><span class="election">Sintija Raudonyte as Head Librarian</span></li>
		<li><span class="election">Harry Black as Picocon Sofa</span></li>
		<li><span class="election">Timothy Davison as Tech Priest</span></li>
		<li><span class="election">Chia-Chun Lo as Editor</span></li>
		<li><span class="election">Sequoia Trevorrow as Secretary</span></li>
		<li><span class="election">Matthew Legg as Acting Publicity Officer</span></li>
		<li><span class="election">Chair of Vice to be elected at an EGM next year</span></li>
		<li><span class="election">Picocon Beanbag not elected. If need be, Ed Pickup will stand in</span></li>
		<li><span class="passed">Make sure we have up to date documents on the website &ndash; YES: 14; NO: 0; CAN’T VOTE: 3</span></li>
		<li><span class="passed">Ratify the Core Activities and Aims &amp; Objectives &ndash; YES: 14; NO: 0; CAN’T VOTE: 3</span></li>
		<li><span class="action">Henry Wild to look into replacing the card on the keys</span></li>
		</ul></a>
			
		<p class="opened">Meeting closed at 19:47</p>
	</body>
</html>
