<!DOCTYPE html>
<!--ICSF-->
<!--Wed, 12 Dec 2018 15:12:00 +0000-->
<!--General Committee Meeting-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" lang="en" xml:lang="en" dir="ltr">
	<head>
		<!--include "stubs/headers.html"-->
		<title>Minutes: ICSF &ndash; 12/12/2018 &ndash; ICSF</title>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/resources/minutes.css" />
	</head>
	<body>
		<!--include "stubs/h1-start.html"-->
			Minutes
		<!--include "stubs/h1-end.html"-->

		<nav>
			<!--include "stubs/nav-main.html"-->
			<hr />
			<a href="<!--SRVROOT-->/committee/minutes/">Meetings</a>
			<a href="<!--SRVROOT-->/committee/#constitution">Constitution</a>
		</nav>

	<div style="position: relative;">
		<h2>Minutes of the general committee meeting of the ICSF, 12<sup>th</sup> December 2018</h2> <!-- State meeting type and date -->
		<p class="opened">Meeting Opened at 15:12</p> <!-- State meeting opening time -->
		
		<h3>Present</h3> <!-- Who was present -->
		<div class="peoples">
			Michael Figini (Secretary)
			Matthew Last (Librarian)
			Matthew Legg (Treasurer)
			Tim Davison (Tech Priest)
			Harry Black (Picocon Beanbag)
			Sequoia Trevorrow (Publicity Officer)
			Henry Wild (Chair)
			Theo Gheorghiu
		</div>
		
		<h3>Apologies</h3><!-- Who bunked off -->
		<div class="peoples">
			Edward Pickup (Picocon Sofa)
			Jean Lo (Editor)
			Connor Winzar (Chair of Vice)
			Isabella Merrit
		</div>
		
		<!-- Matters discussed
		Major headings formatted as "h3" with class "count"
		Items under these headings formatted as a (potentially multilevel) list -->
		<h3 class="count">Initial Matters</h3>
			<ul>
				<li>Henry is still looking into library access</li>
					<ul>
						<li>Has made contact</li>
						<li>Doesn’t look like an immediate no</li>
					</ul>
				<li>Henry will poke the article people this afternoon</li>
				<li>Tim has gotten a raspberry Pi</li>
					<ul>
						<li>Needs to set it up</li>
						<li>Tim will work on it after the meeting</li>
					</ul>
				<li>Henry will go to RCC meeting; Matthew Legg may also go</li>
			</ul>
						
		<h3 class="count">Budget</h3>
			<ul>
				<li>All events must be done for number of people and members going so that subsidisations can be done</li>
				<li>Events can’t be done separately</li>
				<li>Matthew Legg will discuss with Edward about Picocon</li>
				<li>Need to give an idea of who goes to events</li>
			</ul>
				
			<p class="entrance"><i>Connor Winzar enters 15:20</i></p>
			
			<ul>
				<li>Keep a record of how many people went to each event, for future events</li>
				<li>Haven’t had any new members since October</li>
				<li>Lowest number in the last few years</li>
				<li>Try to drive membership in January/February</li>
				<li>More ideas for publicity; give ideas to Sequoia</li>
			</ul>
			
		<p class="action">Henry to contact Union about GDPR on Database (emails and names)</p>
							
		<h3 class="count">Post Picocon for the Beanbag</h3>
			<ul>
				<li>Handover talks about setting stuff up for next picocon</li>
				<li>Harry would like to bring back unofficial sofa at the end of this year</li>
				<li>Henry is happy with this</li>
				<li class="passed">Each year, following Picocon, make the beanbag the unofficial sofa: Yes 9, No 0</li>
			</ul>
		
		<h3 class="count">Christmas Event Debrief</h3>
			<ul>
				<li>Went well; 28 people attended</li>
				<li>Setup and food went well (mostly)</li>
				<li>Good thing we set it up early</li>
				<li>Sam Mckenney was happy with how it was cleaned up</li>
				<li>One person has not done their secret santa</li>
					<ul>
						<li>Connor has contacted the person</li>
					</ul>
			</ul>
		
		<h3 class="count">Events</h3>
			<ul>
				<li>Themed Fridays</li>
					<ul>
						<li>Not as frequent next term</li>
						<li>Anyone on committee can run a themed Friday once run by Connor</li>
					</ul>
				<li>Matthew Legg will set up a piece of paper for event stats</li>
					<ul>
						<li>Number of people who attended</li>
						<li>Money spent</li>
						<li>This will help with budget</li>
					</ul>
				<li>Strain on people so fewer events but bigger</li>
				<li>4 big events</li>
					<ul>
						<li>Paintballing</li>
						<li>Curry night or buffet</li>
						<li>Escape Room</li>
					</ul>
				<li>Cinema trips in addition</li>
					<ul>
						<li>LEGO Movie 2</li>
						<li>Captain Marvel</li>
						<li>Possibility of using Imperial Cinema to see movies</li>
					</ul>
				<li>Committee all groans except Sequoia about Ice Cream Sunday event</li>
				<li>Choose your own adventure, Telltale game, event</li>
					<ul>
						<li>Test run at some point</li>
					</ul>
				<li class="action">Michael to look into getting committee access to the West Basement past 11pm</li>
				<li>Events calendar on website</li>
				<li>Feel free to suggest events to Connor</li>
				<li>Use half of odds board to display upcoming events</li>
			</ul>
		
		<h3 class="count">Dyson</h3>
			<ul>
				<li>Matthew Last will look into organising Dyson library stock</li>
			</ul>
		
		<h3 class="count">Librarian</h3>
			<ul>
				<li>Matthew Last has organised the desk near the computer into two piles</li>
				<li>General problem with DVDs is there are too many</li>
					<ul>
						<li>Move some to Dyson?</li>
						<li>Don’t move things we are worried about losing</li>
					</ul>
				<li>Henry doesn’t see a need to copy the discs</li>
				<li>Contact Sam to check about storing DVDs in Dyson</li>
				<li>Tim needs a list of what we are storing in Dyson so Database can be changed</li>
				<li>Move graphic novels over to Dyson</li>
				<li class="passed">Store DVDs we don’t care about so much in Dyson in boxes: YES 8, No 0, abstaining 1</li>
				<li class="action">Matthew Last to do the above</li>
				<li>Matthew Last will do a ‘get books in’ at the beginning of next term</li>
				<li>Will get help for the above</li>
				<li>Matthew Last will try to get canon writings of the authors</li>
				<li>Doddle poll for when people are available to open library</li>
					<ul>
						<li>Do another over Christmas for next term</li>
					</ul>
				<li>Full stock list to double check everything is alphabetised</li>
			</ul>
			
		<h3 class="count">Any other business</h3>
			<ul>
				<li class="action">Michael to check the Keylist to maybe add new people every two meetings</li>
				<li class="action">Michael to add Thomas Donaldson to Keylist</li>
				<li>Suggestion list for podcast songs</li>
				<li>Suggestion to use slack for chats, easier to split up chats (for next year’s committee)</li>
				<li>Connor is talking to Sam and Dave about Sci-Fi birthday party, probably in Hyde Park</li>
				<li>More regular but shorter meetings</li>
			</ul>
												
		<!-- This block inserts a box in the top right of the page which, on mouseover,
		displays the actions and motions resulting from the meeting
		class "action" explains itself
		Motions are either class "passed" or class "failed", depending on the outcome of the vote -->
		<a onclick="window.location.hash = (window.location.hash == '#actions' ? '' : '#actions')" id="actions"><h3>Motions &amp; Actions</h3><ul>
		
		<li><span class="action"> Henry to contact Union about GDPR on Database (emails and names)</span></li>
		<li><span class="passed"> Each year, following Picocon, make the beanbag the unofficial sofa: Yes 9, No 0</span></li>
		<li><span class="action"> Michael to look into getting committee access to the West Basement past 11pm</span></li>
		<li><span class="passed"> Store DVDs we don’t care about so much in Dyson in boxes: YES 8, No 0, abstaining 1</span></li>
		<li><span class="action"> Matthew Last to box up DVDs to store in Dyson</span></li>
		<li><span class="action"> Michael to check the Keylist to maybe add new people every two meetings</span></li>
		<li><span class="action"> Michael to add Thomas Donaldson to Keylist</span></li>
				
		</ul></a>
			
		<p class="opened">Meeting closed at 16:24</p>
	</body>
</html>