<!DOCTYPE html>
<!--ICSF-->
<!--Sat, 29 Sep 2018 14:35:00 +0000-->
<!--Pre-Freshers Meeting-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" lang="en" xml:lang="en" dir="ltr">
	<head>
		<!--include "stubs/headers.html"-->
		<title>Minutes: ICSF &ndash; 29/09/2018 &ndash; ICSF</title>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/resources/minutes.css" />
	</head>
	<body>
		<!--include "stubs/h1-start.html"-->
			Minutes
		<!--include "stubs/h1-end.html"-->

		<nav>
			<!--include "stubs/nav-main.html"-->
			<hr />
			<a href="<!--SRVROOT-->/committee/minutes/">Meetings</a>
			<a href="<!--SRVROOT-->/committee/#constitution">Constitution</a>
		</nav>

	<div style="position: relative;">
		<h2>Minutes of the general committee meeting of the ICSF, 29<sup>th</sup> September 2018</h2> <!-- State meeting type and date -->
		<p class="opened">Meeting Opened at 14:35</p> <!-- State meeting opening time -->

		<h3>Present</h3> <!-- Who was present -->
		<div class="peoples">
			Henry Wild (Chair)
			Matthew Legg (Treasurer)
			Connor Winzar (Chair of Vice)
			Matthew Last (Librarian)
			Edward Pickup (Picocon Sofa)
			Harry Black (Picocon Beanbag)
			Sequoia Trevorrow (Publicity Officer)
			Jean Lo (Wyrmtongue Editor)
			Tim Davison (Tech Priest)
			Katherine Read

			Michael Figini (Secretary) attending via Google Hangouts
		</div>

		<br><i>Katherine Read will act as Secretary for the purposes of this meeting</i>

		<!--**<h3>Apologies</h3>**--> <!-- Who bunked off -->
		<!--**<div class="peoples">
			Connor Winzar (Publicity Officer)
			Kai Lawrence (Chair of Vice)
		</div>**-->

		<!-- Matters discussed
		Major headings formatted as "h3" with class "count"
		Items under these headings formatted as a (potentially multilevel) list -->
		<h3 class="count">Welcome back, everyone!</h3>
		<ul>
			<li>Henry would like to have meetings every couple of weeks or so.</li>
			<li>If people have points they would like to bring up, they can email them to Henry.</li>
		</ul>

		<h3 class="count">Current state of the library</h3>
			<ul>
				<li>There’s a fair bit to go in terms of alphabetisation and cleaning.</li>
				<li>But we’re getting to the point of being presentable for Freshers’ Fair.</li>
				<li>Alphabetisation may not be the biggest priority for Freshers’ Fair, more about making the library look clean and presentable.</li>
				<li>Matthew Last thinks it is feasible to have the library presentable by the end of tomorrow (Sunday 30<sup>th</sup> September).</li>
				<li>Beanbags:</li>
					<ul>
						<li>No progress yet on getting new beanbags.</li>
						<li>Henry has checked IKEA but didn’t find anything.</li>
						<li>All in favour of getting new ones, need to look into where to get them.</li>
						<li>We have enough in the budget for new beanbags.</li>
						<li>Storage is an issue; we have no access to the cages. Best to keep the aisles free; we could keep them near the TV but there would be issues with people trying to reach the windows, potentially knocking the TV over.</li>
						<li>Will aim to have new beanbags by the Meet and Greet on Thursday.</li>
						<li>Can get them sent to Sequoia, who is living in Eastside.</li>
					</ul>
				<li>Could get in touch with estates to find out about whether we can attach things e.g. stands to the wall. Best solution may be to get a new stand, Henry will look into this.</li>
				<li>The seats need cleaning.</li>
					<ul>
						<li>Could either contact the union about this, try to clean them ourselves, or look into a company that could clean them.</li>
						<li>One of the chairs is coming close to breaking though still functional; may need replacing, worth being aware that it is more fragile than the others.</li>
					</ul>
			</ul>

		<h3 class="count">New TV</h3>
			<ul>
				<li>Nearly set up.</li>
				<li>A smart box is connected to the TV, so we should be able to get Netflix soon, but it still needs to be set up.</li>
				<li>Matthew Legg is happy to use his account to connect us to the internet, but this is not a permanent solution as will only last as long as he is at Imperial.</li>
				<li>Will also speak to Benedict Harcourt about potentially continuing to use his Netflix account.</li>
				<li>Need to dispose of the old TV.</li>
					<ul>
						<li>Connor has talked to Felix about whether they could use it.</li>
						<li>However, it may not be functional any more; need to figure out whether it is of any use; could be of use to any other societies.</li>
					</ul>
			</ul>

		<h3 class="count">Freshers’ Fair</h3>
			<ul>
				<li>Last time Henry checked, only around five people had signed up to help.</li>
				<li>He would like everyone to try to sign up or let him know if they can’t.</li>
				<li>Nobody from outside of the committee has signed up to help yet, will share the rota around again to encourage people to sign up.</li>
				<li>Duties during Freshers’ Fair:</li>
					<ul>
						<li>Two to three people on the desk, handing out flyers, answering questions and directing freshers to the library.</li>
						<li>Someone walking around with a Dalek and handing out flyers, sticking to the Beit area according to the rules, to direct people to the library.</li>
						<li>At least one person in the library at any one time, who can be a friendly face for anyone new who comes to look, keep something non-threatening on the TV.</li>
					</ul>
				<li>Henry will sort out a proper schedule according to the length that people can stay.</li>
				<li>Would be good to have people of different genders present to show we’re inclusive, however this may not be feasible all the time depending on who is free.</li>
				<li>Henry will provide some information on the society so people know key statistics and pieces of information that they can tell freshers.</li>
				<li>Stall itself:</li>
					<ul>
						<li>Show off some of our books.</li>
						<li>In the past, we have given away old books that aren’t really being taken out, but probably will not do that this year, the Literary Lucky Dip already covers it.</li>
						<li>Usually give out a bookmark, flyer with information on the society, Wyrmtongue and freshers ‘zine.</li>
						<li>Will also take one of the Daleks for the desk.</li>
						<li>The general society banner is still with the union, need to collect this so we can put it up above the stall. Ed thinks the Picocon banner got lost, will check for it in the union offices if we can’t find it.</li>
						<li><b>ACTION:</b> Connor to go up to the union after the meeting to check for banners.</li>
					</ul>
				<li>Chris has mentioned that we need to make sure to re-emphasise the library aspect of the society, as well as the social and event aspect. We have a fantastic resource in the library, only £8 per year to access a huge number of books and DVDs etc.</li>
				<li>Prep starts at 10am; the actual fair starts at 11am and ends at 4pm. We can’t give out flyers and walk around too far from the stall, but can direct people from Beit to the library. Go to someone in a pink shirt if you have questions, as they are staff (purple shirts are volunteers).</li>
			</ul>

		<h3 class="count">Wyrmtongue</h3>
			<ul>
				<li>Jean has posted the latest draft of Wyrmtongue on the committee chat for any corrections and suggestions, will finish any last-minute changes this afternoon and evening.</li>
				<li>Crossword still needs some more formatting and editing but mostly ready.</li>
				<li>Dobbin has kindly offered to print for us tomorrow at 3pm.</li>
				<li>Probably only need around 100 copies at most based on last year, but subject to change.</li>
				<li>Jean will organise a time for folding on Sunday or Monday. We have previously used Dobbin’s office and the sci-fi library, will probably do it here.</li>
				<li><b>ACTION:</b> Jean to message the committee chat with time and location of a folding session.</li>
			</ul>

		<h3 class="count">Freshers’ Events</h3>
			<ul>
				<li>Meet and Greet:</li>
					<ul>
						<li>Connor would like to switch this up from previous years, not just watching films.</li>
						<li>He is looking at giving everyone a character name to stick on their forehead or back, ask others questions to work out who they are, try to get people talking.</li>
						<li>Films playing in the background, boardgames, food and drinks.</li>
						<li>Committee will bring in their own boardgames from home e.g. Code Names, Cards Against Humanity.</li>
						<li>Usually get a few margherita pizzas from Pizza@Home, will do this again. Will provide drinks, but ensure no alcohol in the room we book.</li>
						<li>Want it to be more social than in previous years – normally have the committee circling and mingling with new people, should continue to try to do this.</li>
						<li>Could have a quiet corner of the room with seats for people who are a bit less loud, possibly bring a few books for people to read. Can also have an area of the room more suited to mingling, where people can grab a chair from a stack if they want it, but laid out to encourage more interaction. Food either near the quiet corner or in the middle of the room.</li>
						<li>Will most likely be in either Blackett 1004 or Sam’s room in Skempton, though access to Sam’s room is awkward at times and the room next door is currently undergoing refurbishments.</li>
						<li>Will tell people to message a committee member or post on the Facebook event if they can’t get in, can come down to let people in. For the first hour or so, will try to have at least one person at the door.</li>
						<li>Later will move back to the library, can demonstrate the library aspect of the society more at this point.</li>
						<li><b>ACTION:</b> Connor to try to book Blackett 1004 ASAP for the Meet and Greet.</li>
					</ul>
				<li>Friday will be Blockbuster Night:</li>
					<ul>
						<li>Infinity War, Solo and Ready Player One.</li>
						<li>Need to get some DVDs for this, they should arrive by Tuesday.</li>
					</ul>
				<li>Cinema Trip to Venom:</li>
					<ul>
						<li>People will need to have membership before buying cinema tickets, rather than at the time of coming to the event.</li>
						<li>Can tell people about this at the Meet and Greet, and through social media.</li>
					</ul>
				<li>Other Freshers’ events:</li>
					<ul>
						<li>Literary Lucky Dip has been scheduled for same day as the cinema trip so more people might be there.</li>
						<li>Book Crawl has been scheduled for the second week of term.</li>
						<li>Bar night with a quiz.</li>
						<li>Looking at going to an escape room.</li>
						<li>Halloween party on 26th October, again would be good to make this more social than last year. Connor would like to print out a lyric sheet so people can sing along. Could try to make some sort of game out of figuring out the call outs in Rocky Horror Picture Show.</li>
						<li>Will do a modern horror all-nighter starting at 6pm on 27<sup>th</sup> October, as horror is meant to be part of the society but is often neglected. Connor has figured out a list of films for this, subject to change. Will need to check this against which films Cinema Soc is planning on showing.</li>
					</ul>
				<li>Need a new cover photo for the Facebook group, could ask people if they mind being in the photo at the end of the Meet and Greet, so we have a good photo of the library being busy.</li>
			</ul>

		<h3 class="count">Publicity</h3>
			<ul>
				<li>Posters and leaflets have been made and have arrived, including a series of zombie posters for freshers to follow to the library. </li>
				<li>100 leaflets and 25 posters based on Connor’s suggestions from last year, will keep around half the leaflets on the stand and give half to people to carry around or swap with others linked societies.</li>
				<li>Sequoia will check which locations posters can be stuck up, and how long they can remain up for, so we can do this according to the regulations for Freshers’ and future events. She will also give posters to any committee members who are able to put posters up in appropriate locations that they know of.</li>
				<li>Posters will be distributed to put up on Monday, but the posters will also be present in the sci-fi library for people to take and put up when it is convenient for them. A list will be kept on the committee Google Drive of where posters have been placed to keep track, so they can be taken down and people don’t go to the same locations as each other.</li>
				<li>Social media:</li>
					<ul>
						<li>Facebook group is the same as ever.</li>
						<li>We also have a new Twitter and Instagram account.</li>
						<li>Henry would like to have a publicity sub-group committee meeting at some point to figure out how to use the Twitter account.</li>
						<li>As a general guideline, do not get political on social media.</li>
						<li>Sequoia does not plan to publicise any events on Twitter or allow any faces on it, as it is public and can be seen by strangers.</li>
						<li>Could create a bunch of Twitter posts that can be released on a regular basis.</li>
						<li>Sequoia is concerned about posting things like photos of valuable books we own, in case it encourages thieves, but could do book reviews or funny/obscure items that are found in the library.</li>
						<li>There is a Librarian Facebook page but not a Twitter, intended to be a good place to note new books in the library. Wasn’t used much last year, Matthew hadn’t heard much about it but will consider what to do with it this year. Might be better to post library updates on the main Facebook group where there is more of a following.</li>
						<li>Could have a sci-fi Snapchat, would probably mainly be used at Hay-on-Wye and Picocon to show people what’s going on. General consensus is that it isn’t a great social media platform for publicity, probably won’t give us anything that we don’t already get through Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.</li>
					</ul>
				<li>Sequoia welcomes suggestions for publicity from anyone else.</li>
				<li>We have previously had connections with the Science Museum, as they borrowed some of our old books when they did a series on science fiction – we could try to look into some publicity through them.</li>
			</ul>

		<h3 class="count">Key list and Duty Librarians</h3>
			<ul>
				<li>Various different systems have been followed in the past; none have totally worked.</li>
				<li>We could make an informal decision not to add anyone new who has not previously been on the key list, until November &ndash; it doesn’t need to be a big issue until it is brought up, as making too big a deal of it might lead to too many people asking to be on the list.</li>
				<li>People on the key list by default include the committee, older members who are staff or postgrads (e.g. Dave, Trevor, Chris and Sam). Primarily, wait until someone asks to be added, and discuss in the committee if unsure.</li>
				<li>Last year, being on the key list was conflated with being a Duty Librarian, in that you are given the password etc on being added to the key list, to ensure that someone is present in the library who can take books out for people at all times. This also attaches a certain amount of responsibility to being on the key list.</li>
				<li>Will add people on a case-by-case basis if they ask to be added, making them a Duty Librarian at the same time.</li>
				<li>Duty Librarians:</li>
					<ul>
						<li>Normally try to be open every week day from 12pm to 2pm.</li>
						<li>This normally just happens on its own, so formalising it was not an issue last year.</li>
						<li>Could be worth having a formal schedule for at least the first few weeks.</li>
						<li>Matthew would like to consider having a rota for the first couple of weeks.</li>
						<li>Ed and Matthew think they are both free for a lot of this time so can be in the library, this will be sorted out in the committee chat later, when people have had a chance to check their timetables.</li>
						<li>After this, it can be more informal.</li>
						<li>Will have a schedule for what to put on the TV for the first couple of weeks in Wyrmtongue, but don’t need to adhere to this incredibly strictly. Mostly things people know and enjoy that aren’t too niche e.g. Futurama, Star Trek, Doctor Who.</li>
					</ul>
			</ul>

		<h3 class="count">GDPR</h3>
			<ul>
				<li>There are now restrictions on how we store email addresses at Freshers’ Fair &ndash; we can either collect on paper and destroy it after uploading them to the mailing list, or create a list through SharePoint on Office365. Paper copies would need to be scanned to have proof of consent. We can only retain personal information for as long as we need it.</li>
				<li>At Freshers’ Fair, we need to be able to direct people to Imperial’s privacy policy and let them know how long we will be holding onto their data.</li>
				<li>Advice from the union is that we should have two mailing lists &ndash; one for the freshers and one for members, with the mailing list for freshers only being to advertise membership.</li>
				<li>It should be very clear at Freshers’ Fair that people can opt out at any point, and they will remain on the mailing list for one year.</li>
				<li>Database:</li>
					<ul>
						<li>The user list on the database could be an issue, it is currently huge and includes a lot of alumni. We can no longer continue to hold these contact details without their consent.</li>
						<li>All personal data should be stored through the CSP SharePoint &ndash; do we need to move the database over to this?</li>
						<li>Would there be a way to move over the membership part and keep the book part on our own system?</li>
						<li>Tim will look into the feasibility of moving over part or all of the database to SharePoint, or anonymising the information that is kept on the server.</li>
						<li>Provisional plan to remove identifiable information from our server and separate stock from users on the database. We may need information on things like how often books have been taken out, but do not need to know who it was who took out the book.</li>
						<li>Could contact a normal library to find out how they are resolving this situation.</li>
						<li><b>ACTION:</b> Henry will try to set up a meeting with the union, along with Tim and Matthew, to find out more about how we can change this to comply with GDPR, since we have some very specific requirements.</li>
					</ul>
			</ul>

		<h3 class="count">Any other business</h3>
			<ul>
				<li>All committee need to make sure they have bought membership for the society and filled out the relevant training quizzes (Key Information for everyone).</li>
				<li>This Wednesday is Wanna Go Wednesday so there will be a lot of foot traffic, if people are free they should come down to the library to make sure someone is here.</li>
			</ul>

		<!-- This block inserts a box in the top right of the page which, on mouseover,
		displays the actions and motions resulting from the meeting
		class "action" explains itself
		Motions are either class "passed" or class "failed", depending on the outcome of the vote -->
		<a onclick="window.location.hash = (window.location.hash == '#actions' ? '' : '#actions')" id="actions"><h3>Motions &amp; Actions</h3><ul>

		<li><span class="action"> Connor to go up to the union after the meeting to check for banners.</span></li>
		<li><span class="action"> Jean to message the committee chat with time and location of a folding session.</span></li>
		<li><span class="action"> Connor to try to book Blackett 1004 ASAP for the Meet and Greet.</span></li>
		<li><span class="action"> Henry to set up a meeting with the union, along with Tim and Matthew, to find out more about how we can change this to comply with GDPR, since we have some very specific requirements.</span></li>
		</ul></a>

		<p class="opened">Meeting closed at 16:39</p>
	</body>
</html>
