<!DOCTYPE html>
<!--ICSF-->
<!--Wed, 06 Mar 2019 15:12:00 +0000-->
<!--General Committee Meeting-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" lang="en" xml:lang="en" dir="ltr">
	<head>
		<!--include "stubs/headers.html"-->
		<title>Minutes: ICSF - 06/03/2019 - ICSF</title>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/resources/minutes.css" />
	</head>
	<body>
		<!--include "stubs/h1-start.html"-->
			Minutes
		<!--include "stubs/h1-end.html"-->

		<nav>
			<!--include "stubs/nav-main.html"-->
			<hr />
			<a href="<!--SRVROOT-->/committee/minutes/">Meetings</a>
			<a href="<!--SRVROOT-->/committee/#constitution">Constitution</a>
		</nav>

	<div style="position: relative;">
		<h2>Minutes of the general committee meeting of the ICSF, 06 March 2019</h2> <!-- State meeting type and date -->
		<p class="opened">Meeting Opened at 15:12</p> <!-- State meeting opening time -->
		
		<h3>Present</h3> <!-- Who was present -->
		<div class="peoples">
			Henry Wild (Chair)
			Harry Black (Picocon Beanbag)
			Matthew Last (Librarian)
			Michael Figini (Secretary)
			Tim Davison (Tech Priest)
			Jean Lo (Editor)
			Connor Winzar (Chair of Vice)
			Matthew Legg (Treasurer)
		</div>
		
		<h3>Apologies</h3> <!-- Who bunked off -->
		<div class="peoples">
			Issy Merrit (Ambassador)
			Ed Pickup (Picocon Sofa)
			Sequioa Trevorrow (Publicity Officer)
		</div>
		
		<!-- Matters discussed
		Major headings formatted as "h3" with class "count"
		Items under these headings formatted as a (potentially multilevel) list -->
		<h3 class="count">Library Keys MIA</h3>
			<ul>
				<li>Cleaners took it and then disappeared to our knowledge</li>
				<li>No spare</li>
				<li>Email for getting a spare</li>
				<li>Get a spare for the chair and the Union</li>
				<li class="action">Henry to look into getting a spare key</li>
				<li>Will have to wait until cleaners return and see what they say</li>
				<li>Apparently, we can’t get a new card for the keys</li>
				<li class="action">Henry will double check about the card</li>
				<li class="action">Michael will look into getting a tracker for the keys</li>
			</ul>
			
		<h3 class="count">Events</h3>
			<ul>
				<li>Captain Marvel</li>
					<ul>
						<li>Next week</li>
						<li>Will send out form soon</li>
					</ul>
				<li>Bar night and/or Karaoke (Soho probably) </li>
					<ul>
						<li>Medium to large place would be best</li>
						<li>Maybe Karaoke + something else? Arcade?</li>
					</ul>
				<li>Themed Fridays have become expected rather than a special thing</li>
					<ul>
						<li>Not that big of a deal to have a themed Friday before end of term</li>
						<li>Don’t stress about putting out for events</li>
					</ul>
				<li>Hay-on-Wye</li>
					<ul>
						<li>21<sup>st</sup>-22<sup>nd</sup> June</li>
						<li>Peter no longer driving but got someone to drive instead</li>
						<li>Need to contact Trevor to check if he can also drive</li>
						<li>In a good place to get organised</li>
						<li>Having something of a plan for the day may be better for some people</li>
						<li>Board game night on first night?</li>
						<li>Pub dinners/lunches</li>
					</ul>
			</ul>
			
		<h3 class="count">Picocon 37</h3>
			<ul>						<!-- Ordered list - here with lowercase letter delimiters -->
				<li>Planning has begun &ndash; Email sent to Hannah Hart about room booking</li>
			</ul>
			
		<h3 class="count">Fairy Lights</h3>
			<ul>
				<li>Matthew Last is working on it</li>
			</ul>
			
		<h3 class="count">Publicity</h3>
			<ul>
				<li>Dropping price is what we do at end of 2<sup>nd</sup> term</li>
					<ul>
						<li>Publicity drive for this?</li>
					</ul>
				<li>Friday night chill nights? Yes</li>
			</ul>
			
		<i>Connor sings ‘Somebody that I used to know’</i>
		
			<ul>
				<li class="action">Matthew Legg to poke the people who will know how to reduce the membership cost</li>
				<li>Idea for reduced membership cost and going to Captain Marvel</li>
					<ul>
						<li class="passed">Larger subsidy for new members for Captain Marvel &mdash; 8 For; 0 Against</li>
					</ul>
				<li>Free food event? No initial ideas</li>
				<li>42<sup>nd</sup> Birthday party will be in the summer</li>
				<li>Ad for Felix to be discussed</li>
				<li>New poster being made</li>
				<li>Central Library has finally responded about putting a poster up</li>
				<li class="action">Henry to catch up with Issy</li>
				<li>Union asked us if we want to add sci fi questions to their pub quiz</li>
					<ul>
						<li>Will think about this</li>
					</ul>
				<li>Contacted Horizons sci fi and they haven’t responded</li>
				<li>Put a small poster near the books in the Dyson library</li>
			</ul>
			
		<h3 class="count">Chair Covers</h3>
			<ul>
				<li>Cover is fine</li>
				<li>Blue ones would be good</li>
				<li>Look into getting more</li>
			</ul>
			
		<h3 class="count">New TV Stand</h3>
			<ul>
				<li>If we can find one that can store out stuff</li>
				<li>Look into secondhand one</li>
				<li>If we don’t find one then budget for it next year</li>
				<li>Look for something in mid double digits</li>
			</ul>
			
		<h3 class="count">Fire Extinguisher</h3>
			<ul>
				<li>Matthew Last is on it</li>
			</ul>
			
		<h3 class="count">All Night Pass</h3>
			<ul>
				<li>Henry is looking into it</li>
			</ul>
			
		<h3 class="count">Techno Stuff</h3>
			<ul>
				<li>Will be thrown away at next waste amnesty</li>
				<li class="action">Henry to look into when this will happen</li>
			</ul>
			
		<h3 class="count">Dyson Library</h3>
			<ul>
				<li>Matthew Last has said to them about combined film night</li>
			</ul>
			
		<h3 class="count">Other Business</h3>
			<ul>
				<li>Henry reminds everyone that principal officers need to give a mini-report about the year at the AGM</li>
				<li class="action">Harry to get the RAG buckets given back</li>
			</ul>
			
		<!-- This block inserts a box in the top right of the page which, on mouseover,
		displays the actions and motions resulting from the meeting
		class "action" explains itself
		Motions are either class "passed" or class "failed", depending on the outcome of the vote -->
		<a onclick="window.location.hash = (window.location.hash == '#actions' ? '' : '#actions')" id="actions"><h3>Motions &amp; Actions</h3><ul>
		<li><span class="action"> Henry to look into getting a spare library key</span></li>
		<li><span class="action"> Henry to double check about the existence or not of a library keycard</span></li>
		<li><span class="action"> Michael to look into getting a tracker for the library keys</span></li>
		<li><span class="action"> Matthew Legg to poke the people who will know how to reduce the membership cost</span></li>
		<li><span class="passed"> Larger subsidy for new members for Captain Marvel &mdash; 8 For; 0 Against</span></li>
		<li><span class="action"> Henry to catch up with Issy</span></li>
		<li><span class="action"> Henry to look into when the next waste amnesty will happen</span></li>
		<li><span class="action"> Harry to get the RAG buckets given back</span></li>
		</ul></a>
			
		<p class="opened">Meeting closed at 16:03</p>
	</body>
</html>
