<!DOCTYPE html>
<!--ICSF-->
<!--Fri, 25 Jan 2019 15:05:00 +0000-->
<!--General Committee Meeting-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" lang="en" xml:lang="en" dir="ltr">
	<head>
		<!--include "stubs/headers.html"-->
		<title>Minutes: ICSF - 25/01/2019 - ICSF</title>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/resources/minutes.css" />
	</head>
	<body>
		<!--include "stubs/h1-start.html"-->
			Minutes
		<!--include "stubs/h1-end.html"-->

		<nav>
			<!--include "stubs/nav-main.html"-->
			<hr />
			<a href="<!--SRVROOT-->/committee/minutes/">Meetings</a>
			<a href="<!--SRVROOT-->/committee/#constitution">Constitution</a>
		</nav>

	<div style="position: relative;">
		<h2>Minutes of the general committee meeting of the ICSF, 25 January 2019</h2> <!-- State meeting type and date -->
		<p class="opened">Meeting Opened at 15:05</p> <!-- State meeting opening time -->

		<h3>Present</h3> <!-- Who was present -->
		<div class="peoples">
			Henry Wild (Chair)
			Matthew Legg (Treasurer)
			Matthew Last (Librarian)
			Jean Lo (Wyrmtongue Editor)
			Sequoia Trevorrow (Publicity Officer)
			Edward Pickup (Sofa)
			Timothy Davison (Techpriest)
			Henry Leventhorpe
		</div>

		<h3>Apologies</h3> <!-- Who bunked off -->
		<div class="peoples">
			Connor W (Chair of Vice)
			Harry Black (Beanbag)
			Michael Figini (Secretary)
		</div>

		<!-- Matters discussed
		Major headings formatted as "h3" with class "count"
		Items under these headings formatted as a (potentially multilevel) list -->
		<h3 class="count">General Update Stuff</h3>
			<ul>
				<li> Card access post 23:00</li>
				<ul>
					<li> Email from Hannah Hart &ndash; committee should now have access</li>
					<li> Blackett Access &ndash; Henry Wild will investigate</li>
				</ul>
				<li> Next Year's Committee</li>
				<ul>
					<li> People graduating/not standing</li>
					<li> Sintija has expressed interest in running for Librarian</li>
					<li> Need a Sofa</li>
					<li> We need to decide the AGM date early (1<sup>st</sup> meeting post Picocon) and publicise</li>
				</ul>
				<li> We still need more members</li>
				<ul>
					<li> Sequoia has plans</li>
					<ul>
						<li> There are many places around campus to put up posters &ndash; take advantage</li>
						<li> Ed Pickup has print credit to spare</li>
					</ul>

					<li> Harry has done a fine job on Picocon publicity &ndash; Ed Pickup</li>
					<li> Make-your-own-film society? Use them to make an advert</li>
					<li> Cinema Soc &ndash; ask them to put ICSF adverts before their films</li>
					<li class="action"> Henry Wild to poke Issy about library adverts</li>
					<li> The society has a fair bit of money right now, so that's not a big issue</li>
					<li> Not many freshers turning up to the library</li>
					<li> How do we advertise ourselves?</li>
					<ul>
						<li> We've been advertising as a library so far</li>
						<li> Push the social space stuff a bit more</li>
						<li> Word of mouth isn't much good &ndash; likewise Felix</li>
						<li> Talk to Tabletop &amp; Gaming about discounts for joint membership</li>
						<li> Connor gets on with Flo</li>
						<li> DesEng society suggested a film night a while ago &ndash; suggest SF &amp; Fantasy films</li>
						<ul>
							<li> Suggest movies for other societies</li>
						</ul>
						<li> Horizons &ndash; Sci-Fi modules</li>
						<li> Union pub quiz Sci-Fi section &ndash; write questions for it &amp; plug ICSF</li>
						<ul>
							<li> We've run multiple Union pub quizzes &ndash; there's a precedent</li>
							<li> Any other Union events which mention Sci-Fi</li>
						</ul>
					</ul>

				</ul>
			</ul>

		<h3 class="count">Events</h3>
			<ul>
				<li> Doctor Who night</li>
				<ul>
					<li> 10 people turned up</li>
					<li> No problems</li>
					<li> Few freshers</li>
				</ul>

				<li> Freshers are joining the FB group</li>
				<li> We need active members</li>
				<ul>
					<li> This is possibly a better time to push for membership</li>
					<li> Advertise our TV</li>
					<li> Union peeps are unsure of how to reduce membership fees this term</li>
					<li> Cut fees then advertise it (after Picocon)</li>
					<li> Second freshers' social?</li>
					<li> Boardgame night with food</li>
					<li> Hold events in the library</li>
				</ul>

				<li> Sequoia has ordered stickers for the window and a chair cover to try out</li>
				<li class="action"> Henry W to bring up chair covers at the next committee meeting</li>
				<li class="action"> Matt Last to dispose of the broken chair</li>

				<li> Are the corridors sufficiently accessible?</li>
				<ul>
					<li> Yes</li>
				</ul>

				<li> Anybody have events they want to host?</li>
				<ul>
					<li> Cultist simulator?</li>
					<ul>
						<li> Not multiplayer; not so good for spectating</li>
					</ul>
					<li> Any interest in mini golf or karaoke?</li>
					<ul>
						<li> Karaoke &ndash; last time there wasn't enough space</li>
						<li> Multiple karaoke rooms?</li>
						<li> Bigger karaoke rooms</li>
						<li> There is interest</li>
					</ul>

				</ul>

			</ul>

		<h3 class="count">Budget</h3>
			<ul>
				<li> Done &amp; submitted</li>
				<li> More complex</li>
				<li> More comprehensive</li>
				<li> Not sure about getting so much money next year</li>
			</ul>

		<h3 class="count">Picocon</h3>
			<ul>
				<li> Personnel</li>
				<ul>
					<li> We have 4 chaperones</li>
					<li> Would be useful to have a fifth</li>
					<li> Desk manning will be sorted shortly</li>
				</ul>

				<li> Hotel &ndash; fine</li>
				<li> T-shirts &ndash; fine; sorted by Monday 28/01/19</li>

				<li> Authors' panel</li>
				<ul>
					<li> We need prepared questions</li>
					<li> We also need a host</li>
				</ul>

				<li> DoDM</li>
				<ul>
					<li> A desire has been expressed for students &amp; society members to become more involved with DoDM</li>
					<li> Student helper for next year</li>
					<li> Liquid nitrogen training</li>
				</ul>

				<li> Gaming &amp; Tabletop collaboration</li>
				<ul>
					<li> Start talking to Gaming &amp; Tabletop about running something at Picocon</li>
					<li> Mention the game dev guests</li>
					<li> During silly games/turkey?</li>
				</ul>

				<li> Fewer vendors planning to attend &ndash; more space on the floor</li>
				<ul>
					<li> 1 bookseller</li>
					<li> Clockwork Firebird &ndash; maybe</li>
					<li> Authors are aware of this &ndash; space to sell their books</li>
					<li> May be room for boardgames downstairs</li>
				</ul>

				<li> Books for Picocon</li>
				<ul>
					<li> We have none of our guests' books</li>
					<li> We need to order them</li>
					<li> For each author, get 2 copies of each book in their main series and any series for which a new book will soon be released</li>
				</ul>

				<li> Advertise on Reddit?</li>

				<li> Wyrmtongue</li>
				<ul>
					<li> Nearly done</li>
					<li> Round robin type thing?</li>
					<ul>
						<li> Writing Society</li>
						<li> Jean has been pestering them</li>
						<li> 1 person has done something; 2 emails with queries</li>
					</ul>

					<li> No art currently forthcoming</li>
					<ul>
						<li> Instagram advertising</li>
						<li> Another week before deadline</li>
						<li> Email the list</li>
						<li> Picocon contest runner-up</li>
					</ul>

				</ul>

			</ul>

		<h3 class="count">Database/GDPR</h3>
			<ul>
				<li> Henry Wild has emailed Systems</li>
				<li> We're probably OK to keep and use the data</li>
				<li> Should probably move our stuff to Union servers</li>
				<ul>
					<li> External servers etc. are discouraged</li>
				</ul>
				<li> Data use statement</li>
				<li> Reasonable timescale for retention of personal data</li>
				<ul>
					<li> Keep until 1 yr after graduation / 2 yrs after last membership purchase</li>
				</ul>
				<li> Should be more to say next week</li>
				<li> Old social media-style thing</li>
				<ul>
					<li> Get rid of it &ndash; redirect the pages to point to the current website</li>
					<li class="action"> Tim to set up the old pages to redirect to the current ones</li>
				</ul>

			</ul>

		<h3 class="count">Librarian's Report</h3>
			<ul>
				<li> Request list form &ndash; on the Drive</li>
				<li> Plan is to buy many books</li>
				<li> Use request list</li>
				<li> If request list isn't enough, move to best of SF/Fantasy lists</li>
				<ul>
					<li> Old request list is online now</li>
				</ul>
				<li> Treat recommendation list as requests</li>
				<li> Isle of Dogs &ndash; Yes, we have it!</li>
				<li> Print and bind library copy of <i>Worm</i>?</li>
				<ul>
					<li> Ed Pickup maybe (No promises)</li>
				</ul>
				<li> Amazon and/or Foyle's</li>
				<ul>
					<li> Foyle's currently has double student discounts</li>
				</ul>
				<li> Clearout &amp; organisation after the new book haul</li>
				<ul>
					<li> Provisional dates: 2<sup>nd</sup> &amp; 3<sup>rd</sup> of February 2019</li>
				</ul>

				<li> Doctor Who Season 11 &ndash; Â£36</li>
				<ul>
					<li> Do it</li>
				</ul>

				<li> GoT Season 7 &ndash; buying soon</li>
			</ul>

			<h4>GoT weekends</h4>
			<ul>
				<li> Allow people to use the library, but don't make it an official event</li>
				<li> Set rules for this kind of event</li>
				<ul>
					<li> Guarantee a committee member for the first 15-30 mins</li>
					<li> Ed P is OK to cover weekends post Picocon</li>
					<li> Start the event(s) post Picocon</li>
					<li> Only do Season 7</li>
					<li> Make them themed Fridays</li>
				</ul>

				<li> Do we have access to a streaming service which gets GoT S8 as it happens?</li>
				<ul>
					<li> HBO Go</li>
					<li> Now TV</li>
				</ul>

				<li> Add people to the keylist?</li>
				<ul>
					<li> Library lunchtimes &ndash; how's it going?</li>
					<li> Ed P can open the library at 12 every day but Monday if need be</li>
					<li> Sequoia can do Mondays</li>
				</ul>

			</ul>

		<h3 class="count">Raspberry Pi</h3>
			<ul>
				<li> Ethernet weirdness</li>
				<li> Ed Pickup will ask his relevant lecturer</li>
			</ul>

		<h3 class="count">Fairy Lights</h3>
			<ul>
				<li> Not working &ndash; wires have separated</li>
				<li> Purchase replacement set if possible</li>
				<li> Disposal of old lights</li>
				<li class="action"> Matt Last to buy new lights and look into disposal of old lights</li>
			</ul>

		<!-- This block inserts a box in the top right of the page which, on mouseover,
		displays the actions and motions resulting from the meeting
		class "action" explains itself
		Motions are either class "passed" or class "failed", depending on the outcome of the vote -->
		<a onclick="window.location.hash = (window.location.hash == '#actions' ? '' : '#actions')" id="actions"><h3>Motions &amp; Actions</h3>
			<ul>
				<li><span class="action"> Henry Wild to poke Issy about library adverts</span></li>
				<li><span class="action"> Henry W to bring up chair covers at the next committee meeting</span></li>
				<li><span class="action"> Matt Last to dispose of the broken chair</span></li>
				<li><span class="action"> Tim to set up the old pages to redirect to the current ones</span></li>
				<li><span class="action"> Matt Last to buy new lights and look into disposal of old lights</span></li>
			</ul>
		</a>

		<p class="opened">Meeting closed at 16:17</p>
	</body>
</html>
