<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN"
    "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
	<title>Minutes of ICSF Committee Meeting, 28/09/06</title>
	<meta name="Description" content="icsf (Imperial College Union Science Fiction, Fantasy and Horror Society) Website" />
	<link type="text/css" rel="stylesheet" href="/scc/icsf/resources/style.css" />

</head>
<body class="bodyMedium">
<table width="95%" cellpadding="4" class="bodyDark" align="center"><tr><td class="bodyLight">



<h2>ICSF Committee meeting 24/11/2006</h2>

<p><b>Present:</b> Dave (Chair), Alex (Picocon Sofa), Cristina (member), Ian (grumpy alumnus), Sergey (Chair of Vice), Peter (Librarian,
Web Editor), Tim (treasurer), Becca (acting secretary)

<b><br />
Apologies:</b> Smithers, Dan, Jon

<b><br />
Late:</b> Alan

<b><br />
<br />
Meeting opened:</b>18:20</p>

<h3>Treasurer's Report</h3>
-61 full members, ~6 assoc members<br />
-Need to beat money out of committee members<br />
-£600 in refundables<br />

<h3>Librarian's Report</h3>
-We have books<br />

<h3>Picocon Subcommittee's Report</h3>
-BSFA meeting tomorrow evening, anyone can come along, good opportunity to promote Picocon.<br />
-Meet here by 1800<br />

<h3>Web Editor's Report</h3>
-Want to change the passwords, as every member in the last 6 years knows them.<br />
-Committee members to save files in my documents in relevant year/committee
position<br />
-Don't save gaming stuff to main my docs<br />
-Need to find college logon for ICSF<br />

<h3>Bookcrawl 5th nov (Cristina)</h3>
-Need to confirm details<br />
-Meet South Kensington Station to leave at 10am<br />
-Get to Fantasy Centre for 11<br />
-Leave Fantasy Centre for 12<br />
-Have packed lunch/sandwiches<br />
-Go to Tottenham Court Road<br />
-Forbidden Planet, Gosh, <br />
-Back to library<br />
-Drop books<br />
-Disperse, plans to have dinner/watch fireworks<br />
-Tell Oxford, Cambridge (information on Wiki), Anime soc and Bath<br />
-Get the people to confirm if coming and when...<br />
-Make a list of places and times of the bookcrawl<br />

<h3>Shelving report</h3>
-Eric (DPC&S) won't move us<br />
-Got a couple of quotes<br />
-Sergey looking at reshevling options<br />
-Becca to look at other solutions <br />
-May move lights or... fizzy fizzy pertang <br />

<h3>Aniversity</h3> -Committee dinner<br />
-To check contact details of past members<br />
-When? round Easterish, The weekend before the holidays<br />
-Dave to look into getting a room, maybe the Physics common room...<br />
-Sat 24th march.<br />

<h3>Evil overlord II</h3>
-Noir style<br />
-Stoic will lend us the stuff if at least one of us joining.<br />
-After Pico-con, Alex will have time<br />
-Alia might have an original copy of real overload, maybe from Stoic and a commentary by Baz, Simon, Alia.....group, or singular, <br />
-Alan to be chief monkey.<br />

<h3>Website redevelopment</h3>
-The hand out created by Michelle was examined<br />
-Karne and Michelle are making new website<br />
-New front page with portal<br />
-Ongoing discussion of the changes of the website on the committee list.<br />
-Movage of stuff on the website<br />
-Rearrange to help with easy of use.<br />

<h3>Any Other Business</h3>
-£200.62 (Cheque) for the National Library for the Blind<br />
-Recase photos<br />
-Wargames trip to Game On! at a lunch time probably in a fortnight. £4 or free depending..<br />
<br />
<b>Meeting Closed:</b> 19:25

		</td>
	</tr>
</table>


</BODY>
</HTML>