<!DOCTYPE html>
<!--ICSF-->
<!--Thu, 19 Sep 2019 13:05:00 +0000-->
<!--Pre-Freshers Meeting-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" lang="en" xml:lang="en" dir="ltr">
	<head>
		<!--include "stubs/headers.html"-->
		<title>Minutes: ICSF - 19/09/2019 - ICSF</title>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/resources/minutes.css" />
	</head>
	<body>
		<!--include "stubs/h1-start.html"-->
			Minutes
		<!--include "stubs/h1-end.html"-->

		<nav>
			<!--include "stubs/nav-main.html"-->
			<hr />
			<a href="<!--SRVROOT-->/committee/minutes/">Meetings</a>
			<a href="<!--SRVROOT-->/committee/#constitution">Constitution</a>
		</nav>

	<div style="position: relative;">
		<h2>Minutes of the Pre-Freshers' committee meeting of the ICSF, 19 September 2019</h2> <!-- State meeting type and date -->
		<p class="opened">Meeting Opened at 13:05</p> <!-- State meeting opening time -->

			<h3>Present</h3>
				<div class="peoples">
					Matthew Last (Chair)
					Michael Figini (Treasurer)
					Harry Black (Picocon Sofa)
					Matthew Legg (Publicity Officer) [Attending via Discord]
					Jean Lo (Editor)
					Sintija Raudonyte (Librarian)
				</div>

			<h3 class="peoples">Apologies</h3>
				<div class="peoples">
					Tim Davison (Tech Priest)
					Sequoia Trevorrow (Secretary)
				</div>

			<br><p class="opened">Meeting started at 13:05</p>

			<br><p>Matthew Last says Welcome</p>

			<h3 id="events">Events</h3>
				<ul>
				<li>Freshers week prep
					<ul>
						<li>Officer Academy on Friday</li>
					</ul>
					</li>
				</ul>

			<h3 id="library">Library</h3>

				<h4 id="access">Access</h4>
					<ul>
						<li>Sequoia will update the key list</li>
						<li>All committee must have membership to be on key list</li>
						<li>Who should be on the Tile app</li>
							<ul>
								<li>Chair, Librarian and Secretary to have access</li>
								<li class="action">Michael to give access to those people</li>
							</ul>
					</ul>

				<h4 id="visibility">Visibility</h4>
					<ul>
						<li>Sign on railing (can we do it?)</li>
						<li>Worst we get told to get rid of it</li>
						<li>Sign point towards West Basement door</li>
						<li>May need to have posters up to say where we are</li>
						<li class="action">Sintija to draw stuff on a piece of wood</li>
					</ul>

			<p class="entrance">Dave Clements arrives 13:14</p>

				<h4 id="status">Status</h4>
					<ul>
						<li>Needs a clean</li>
						<li>Usual freshers prep</li>
						<li>Large backlog of donations and re-shelving</li>
						<li>Two days assigned to get rid of the back log, Friday and Sunday</li>
						<li>Rollover to be done</li>
					</ul>

			<h3 id="social-media-posts">Social media posts</h3>

				<ul>
					<li>Matthew Legg to do one for the freshers group</li>
					<li>Put up plan for the freshers week</li>
					<li>Picocon tweets, first one about the art</li>
					<li>Start asking people for Wyrmtongue stuff</li>
				</ul>

			<h3 id="freshers-fair">Freshers Fair Plan</h3>
				<ul>
					<li>Stall with people</li>
					<li>One person in library</li>
					<li>One person with leaflets wandering around</li>
					<li>Have a person taking people to the Library</li>
					<li>Will find out where our stall is at the Officer Academy tomorrow</li>
					<li>Can wear &#39;nerdy&#39; t-shirt or Sci Fi t-shirt</li>
					<li>What will we watch?
						<ul>
							<li>Futurama all day?</li>
							<li>Mostly free reign?</li>
							<li>What message do we want freshers to get when coming in?</li>
							<li>Keep it 12A rating max</li>
						</ul>
					</li>
					<li>Volunteers
						<ul>
							<li>Not received many yet</li>
							<li>Put a post on Facebook group to get more people to help</li>
							<li class="action">Matthew Last to do the post</li>
						</ul>
					</li>
					<li>Set up and Set down is volunteering</li>
					</ul>
					</li>
				</ul>

			<h3 id="wyrmtongue">Wyrmtongue</h3>
				<ul>
					<li>Taking longer than expected, but ok</li>
					<li>Update on the group chat</li>
					<li>Read the draft and ok it</li>
					<li>Crossword clues some are still missing</li>
					<li>Any stuff needed in there?</li>
					<li>Advertise roles we haven&#39;t got filled yet</li>
					<li>Printing will ask Union for printing credits</li>
					<li>Timetable: Placeholder timetable with more events?
						<ul>
							<li>Should have some stuff down by end of meeting</li>
							<li>List of stuff on in the library at lunch time in first few weeks</li>
						</ul>
					</li>
					<li>Will have final draft on Saturday</li>
					<li>Will need help with folding and stapling</li>
				</ul>

			<h3 id="wanna-go-wednesday">Wanna Go Wednesday</h3>
				<ul>
					<li>All day, 12 midday until late</li>
					<li>See what the society is about</li>
					<li>Be showing TV episodes to get people into a series</li>
					<li>What to watch?
						<ul>
							<li>Doctor Who</li>
							<li>Clone Wars</li>
							<li>Futurama</li>
							<li>Star Trek</li>
							<li>StarGate</li>
							<li>Babylon 5</li>
							<li>FireFly</li>
							<li>Red Dwarf</li>
							<li>Battlestar Galactica</li>
							<li>Muppet episode of Angel</li>
						</ul>
					</li>
					<li>Person in charge of library for the day</li>
					<li>Matthew Last in charge and will delegate when he can&#39;t</li>
					<li>Get t-shirts to show people what it is</li>
				</ul>

			<h3 id="freshers-event-meet-and-greet">Freshers Event Meet and Greet</h3>
				<ul>
					<li>Grabbed some dub but fun movies, in the background</li>
					<li>Borrowed boardgames</li>
					<li>Ordered pizza</li>
					<li>Retake email addresses for this</li>
					<li>Earlier in the evening take people down to the library?</li>
					<li>Room booking is in the system</li>
					<li>Make it that next film is on in the Library or Blackett Room</li>
					<li>It&#39;s Thursday afternoon</li>
					<li class="action">Matthew Legg in charge of organising this</li>
				</ul>

			<h3 id="themed-fridays">Themed Fridays</h3>
				<ul>
					<li>First few will exist</li>
					<li>First one or two are blockbuster night</li>
					<li>Avengers 3 and 4 together in a different week to blockbuster night</li>
					<li>Don&#39;t want an every week themed Friday, as it didn&#39;t work and we don&#39;t have an events officer</li>
					<li>Could show a &#39;trailer in&#39; type thing at the lunch time, for example Thor Ragnarok on the Avengers night</li>
					<li>Community thing, Fan Fridays?</li>
					<li>Poll on Facebook group</li>
					<li>Dissolving the organisation of the Friday</li>
					<li>Friday 4th October non-Marvel Blockbusters</li>
					<li class="action">Matthew Legg will do 4th October</li>
					<li class="action">Sintija and Harry will do 11th October Avengers marathon</li>
					<li>Pencil in Horror event (October), Teen Titans (when we get it), Doctor Who (22nd November)</li>
					<li>Could be a Saturday Marathon</li>
				</ul>

			<h3 id="literary-lucky-dip">Literary Lucky dip</h3>
				<ul>
					<li>Whole of freshers week</li>
					<li>Want more 1st or 2nd in a series rather than further into the series</li>
					<li>People can donate some for this</li>
					<li>Make another sign for this, &#39;Free random book&#39;</li>
				</ul>

			<h3 id="other-future-events">Other future events</h3>
				<ul>
					<li>Book Crawl
						<ul>
							<li>Librarian&#39;s responsible</li>
							<li>Date, usually Saturday afternoon</li>
							<li>Use to start on the request list books</li>
							<li>Date to be confirmed</li>
						</ul>
				</li>
				<li>Bar Night
					<ul>
						<li>Date and location</li>
						<li>Do we need one?</li>
						<li>Ended up being a hang out in the Library</li>
						<li>Could partner with Gaming soc to do a joint one</li>
						<li class="voting">VOTE: 5 Yes</li>
						<li>Will be 24th October</li>
						<li class="action">Harry to sort out a location</li>
					</ul>
				</li>
				<li>Halloween Party
					<ul>
						<li>1st November</li>
						<li>To be discussed later</li>
					</ul>
				</li>
				<li>Cinema Trips
					<ul>
						<li>Max 2 a term, subsidised</li>
						<li>We have a max of how many we can subsidise and run</li>
						<li>If we go to see a sequel show the original</li>
						<li class="action">Matthew Last to ask on chat who can go see Zombieland 2</li>
					</ul>
				</li>
				</ul>
			<h3 id="egm">EGM</h3>
				<ul>
					<li>Delayed into term?</li>
					<li>Two weeks post Freshers? In third week</li>
					<li>Easiest way to get freshers into is to make it slightly more informal</li>
				</ul>

				<p class="exit">Jean Lo leaves 13:56</p>

				<ul>
					<li>Leads into something, e.g. a Themed Friday</li>
					<li>Reason outside of committee positions to come</li>
					<li>Tied in like a Meet and Greet</li>
					<li>Membership push</li>
					<li class="action">Matthew Last to decide a date</li>
				</ul>

			<h3 id="picocon-update">Picocon Update</h3>
				<ul>
					<li>Talk about the Picocons of the future
						<ul>
							<li>Improvements from people is to make it bigger</li>
							<li>What do we want Picocon to be?</li>
							<li>Grow it?</li>
							<li>Book a venue?</li>
							<li>The &#39;make it bigger&#39; is not explained</li>
							<li>Extend time slot, more programming</li>
							<li>Get the word out when it is happening</li>
							<li>Programming past 5pm</li>
							<li>Used to end Picocon with a movie</li>
							<li>Bigger in terms of Guest of Honour</li>
							<li>Decision should be made should it be more than 6 months to it done?</li>
							<li>Could ask Dave Clements to get rooms booked</li>
						</ul>
					</li>
					<li>Ed Pickup is unofficial Beanbag</li>
					<li>Tapping people to be in sub committee</li>
					<li>Date finalised by end of week</li>
					<li>Theme is Pride</li>
					<li>Artwork competition is done</li>
					<li>Matthew Legg is doing Picocon publicity stuff</li>
					<li>Reached out to Guests saying the date is one of two</li>
					<li>Collabs:
						<ul>
							<li>Imperial Cinema maybe</li>
							<li>UCL Sci Fi society have asked before, give them a program slot</li>
							<li class="action">Matthew Last to contact the UCL Sci-Fi soc</li>
							<li>Music soc, Harry knows someone</li>
						</ul>
					</li>
					<li>Moving DoDM to Biet Quad, need to do risk assessment</li>
					<li>Running something in the Library while DoDM is happening</li>
					<li>Try to get something worked out for food</li>
					<li>Committee chat will be told about sub committee</li>
				</ul>

			<h3 id="any-other-business">Any other business</h3>
				<ul>
				<h4 id="what-to-buy-">What to buy:</h4>
					<ul>
						<li>Teen Titans</li>
						<li>Avengers Endgame</li>
						<li>Blockbuster movies</li>
						<li>Request list</li>
						<li>Hugo winning books and nominees</li>
						<li>Clark award books</li>
					</ul>

				<h4 id="talk-to-welfare-officers-about-the-library-being-a-chill-out-space-">Talk to welfare officers about the Library being a chill out space?</h4>
					<ul>
						<li>Who knows what they&#39;ll say</li>
					</ul>

				<h4 id="collabs">Collabs</h4>
					<ul>
						<li>Matthew Last has been having chat with Dyson, can supply movies for film night</li>
						<li>Good to talk to UCL Sci-Fi society</li>
						<li>Matthew Legg knows some Doctor Who YouTube people</li>
						<li>Writing workshop (department which was humanities)</li>
					</ul>

				<h4 id="emails-being-sent-out">Emails being sent out</h4>
					<ul>
						<li>Decisions made being sent out after a committee meeting</li>
					</ul>
				</ul>
				<p class="exit">Dave Clements leaves 14:11</p>

				<ul>
					<li>Would be like a sort of Newsletter type thing</li>
					<li>Maybe too much sent out</li>
					<li>Secretary to make a newsletter?</li>

				<h4 id="future-meeting-format">Future meeting format</h4>
					<ul>
						<li>Meetings with Agendas or Stand up type meeting (What you been doing? What you do now? What in your way?)</li>
						<li>Person driven agenda or all written agenda</li>
						<li>Person driven will be better with more regular meetings otherwise less regular works with written agenda</li>
						<li>May shift over to that approach</li>
						<li>First few weeks have weekly meetings</li>
					</ul>

				<h4 id="next-meeting">Next meeting</h4>
					<ul>
						<li>Next meeting after freshers week?</li>
						<li class="action">Matthew Last to put another when2meet on the committee chat</li>
					</ul>

					<li>Get card for signs for better resolution of book shelves</li>
					<li>Posters are in the Union</li>
					<li>Declining membership over the last few years</li>
					<li>Try to build a &#39;friend group&#39; in Sci-Fi, expand silly chats that exist</li>
					</ul>

		<!-- This block inserts a box in the top right of the page which, on mouseover,
		displays the actions and motions resulting from the meeting
		class "action" explains itself
		Motions are either class "passed" or class "failed", depending on the outcome of the vote -->
		<a onclick="window.location.hash = (window.location.hash == '#actions' ? '' : '#actions')" id="actions"><h3>Motions &amp; Actions</h3><ul>
		<li><span class="action"> Michael to add the Chair, Librarian &amp; Secretary to the Tile app</span></li>
		<li><span class="action"> Sintija to draw/paint stuff on a piece of wood</span></li>
		<li><span class="action"> Matthew Last to call for Freshers' Fair volunteers on the FB group</span></li>
		<li><span class="action"> Matthew Legg to organise Meet &amp; Greet</span></li>
		<li><span class="action"> Matthew Legg will do 4th October bockbusters night</span></li>
		<li><span class="action"> Sintija and Harry will do 11th October Avengers marathon</span></li>
		<li><span class="passed"> Partner with Gaming soc for a joint event: 5 for</span></li>
		<li><span class="action"> Harry to sort out a location for bar night</span></li>
		<li><span class="action"> Matthew Last to ask on chat who can go see Zombieland 2</span></li>
		<li><span class="action"> Matthew Last to decide a date for the EGM</span></li>
		<li><span class="action"> Matthew Last to contact the UCL Sci-Fi soc</span></li>
		<li><span class="action"> Matthew Last to put another when2meet on the committee chat</span></li>
		</ul></a>

		<p class="opened">Meeting closed at 14:23</p>
	</body>
</html>
