<!DOCTYPE html>
<!--ICSF-->
<!--Thu, 17 Oct 2019 14:37:00 +0000-->
<!--Committee Meeting-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" lang="en" xml:lang="en" dir="ltr">
	<head>
		<!--include "stubs/headers.html"-->
		<title>Minutes: ICSF - 17/10/2019 - ICSF</title>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/resources/minutes.css" />
	</head>
	<body>
		<!--include "stubs/h1-start.html"-->
			Minutes
		<!--include "stubs/h1-end.html"-->

		<nav>
			<!--include "stubs/nav-main.html"-->
			<hr />
			<a href="<!--SRVROOT-->/committee/minutes/">Meetings</a>
			<a href="<!--SRVROOT-->/committee/#constitution">Constitution</a>
		</nav>

	<div style="position: relative;">
		<h2>Minutes of the general committee meeting of the ICSF, 17 October 2019</h2> <!-- State meeting type and date -->
		<p class="opened">Meeting Opened at 14:37</p> <!-- State meeting opening time -->
		
		<h3>Present</h3> <!-- Who was present -->
		<div class="peoples">
			Harry Black
			Matthew Last
			Michael Figini
			Sequoia Trevorrow
			Tim Davison
		</div>
		
		<h3>Apologies</h3> <!-- Who bunked off -->
		<div class="peoples">
			Jean Lo
			Matthew Legg
			Sintija Raudonyte
		</div>
		
		<!-- Matters discussed
		Major headings formatted as "h3" with class "count"
		Items under these headings formatted as a (potentially multilevel) list -->
		<h3 class="count">Librarian's Update</h3>
			<p>Matt Last reads out message from Sintija:</p>
			
			<h4 class="count">Book Crawl</h4>
			<ul>
				<li><i>Hi! So, I'm currently planning the book crawl. I'll put up an event on Facebook this week.</i></li>
				<li><i>I would like to have a map if you used it before? Cause I'm not changing the plan from the handover cause it seems reasonable.</i></li>
				<li class="action">Matthew Last to send that on to Sintija.</li>
				<li><i>Also, I would like some suggestions on where to go for a meal (where did you go last time?) because I rarely go out to eat.</i></li>
				<li class="action">Matthew Last to send that on to Sintija.</li>
				<li><i>I am currently in the process of ordering 2 tv series for the library.</i></li>
				<li><i>At the book crawl, I'll try to get things from the request list.</i></li>
			</ul>
			
			<h4 class="count">Request List</h4>
				<ul>
					<li><i>Is it okay if I decide not to get some things for the library from the request list or are we obliged to get everything from there?</i></li>
						<ul>
							<li>It depends on the reason why you’re not getting it.</li>
							<li>Examples:</li>
								<ul>
									<li>Can’t find it, and too expensive &ndash; are good reasons</li>
									<li>I hate it &ndash; is not.</li>
								</ul>
							<li>You’re not expected to get everything, aim for 70% of the list &ndash; if you can’t decide whether or not to get something feel free to ask committee.</li>
						</ul>
					<li><i>Also, some things are not even sci fi or fantasy.</i></li>
						<ul>
							<li>Our remit is fantasy, scifi, horror, comics, and a few other topics so get things that fall under that.</li>
							<li>There is the Italian Job Clause (which was used in order to add the Italian job to the library), where an item is outstandingly good can be added to the library despite it not fitting into our remit. This can be librarian’s choice, or you can query the committee.</li>
						</ul>
				</ul>
				
			<h4 class="count">Things Done</h4>
				<ul>
					<li><i>Things I've done I guess are just tidying up the library pre freshers and hosting the Avengers event. Which went quite well, I think.</i></li>
				</ul>
			
			<h4 class="count">Event Attendance</h4>
				<ul>
					<li class="action">Everyone, keep record of how many people are present at events.</li>
					<li>Meet &amp; Greet: 30ish</li>
					<li>Aquaman/Alita: 6-8 ish</li>
					<li>Avengers: 20ish</li>
					<li><i>And the same people keep coming in for events, so seems like we attracted a few new "social" members.</i></li>
				</ul>
				
			<h4 class="count">Want to Do</h4>
				<ul>
					<li><i>Things I still need to do are noting down what's in Dyson, but I feel like this can wait.</i></li>
				</ul>
			
		<h3 class="count">Publicity Officer's Update</h3>
			<p>Harry Black reads out agenda items:</p>
			
			<h4 class="count">Has Done</h4>
				<ul>
					<li><i>Facebook events &amp; things. Dyson library is booked for Halloween.</i></li>
				</ul>
				
			<h4 class="count">Would Like to Do</h4>
				<ul>
					<li><i>More Facebook events, Put Halloween on the What’s On Calendar. Would like to post more to Insta but I need people to send me photos.</i></li>
					<li class="action">Everyone to take photos at events and send them to Matthew Legg.</li>
				</ul>
			<h4 class="count">Issues</h4>
				<ul>
					<li><i>Can Secretary / Tech priest please remember to actually upload the minutes to the website, or at least the drive, so I can read them in case I’ve missed anything. Especially after mentioning them specifically in emails.</i></li>
					<li><b>UPDATE: Tim has uploaded the freshers meeting minutes to the website.</b></li>
					<li><b>UPDATE: Sequoia plans on sending emails containing the meeting minutes not only to Techpriest and chair, but to all those not at the meeting. Also meeting summaries are being placed within emails after the meeting.</b></li>
				</ul>
				
		<h3 class="count">ChairEntity's Update</h3>
			<h4 class="count">Has Done</h4>
				<ul>
					<li>Overview of Events
						<ol type="a">
							<li>Freshers
								<ul>
									<li>Lots of interest at freshers.</li>
									<li>Tailor the spiel to who you are talking too.</li>
									<li>Worked well with having someone with dalek to divert people to the library.</li>
								</ul>
							</li>
							<li>Aqua/Alita
								<ul>
									<li>Had low numbers but a lot of other events were happening that week.</li>
									<li>We also had a lot of events leading up to that day.</li>
									<li>Next year maybe change it so that it’s either a low-key chill event or a super high key movie (large big movies) rather than the mid-level event we had, as many sci-fi lovers weren’t interested in watching the films watched.</li>
								</ul>
							</li>
								
							<li>Wanna-Go-Wednesday
								<ul>
									<li>Worked very well. Mentioned at freshers fair and was a way to tell people that they didn’t have to stand around for the spiel on the busy day but could come the next day.</li>
								</ul>
							</li>
							<li>Membership currently at 50+</li>
						</ol>
					</li>
					<li>New meeting format
						<ul>
							<li>The what I’ve done bit will be good for confirming people have done what they’ve been actioned.</li>
							<li>Too early to tell how it’ll work with committee as this is the first time using this method.</li>
						</ul>
					</li>
				</ul>
				
			<h4 class="count">Would Like to Do</h4>
				<ul>
					<li>Cinema Trip
						<ul>
							<li>6 people bought tickets; Marvel stopped doing autumn movies; cinema trips depends on the movies.</li>
							<li>Run instead on a movie basis rather than a set quota per term. (Can put on the budgeting per year rather than per term)</li>
						</ul>
					</li>
					<li>EGM
						<ul>
							<li>Is announced. (Harry is to add a section to the email that will be sent out on Friday)</li>
							<li>In the library.</li>
							<li>Moving from here to bar night will be easier as Blackett can be harder to find for new students.</li>
							<li>Agenda Item
								<ul>
									<li>Thinking of making Chair of Vice into two roles: Chair of Vice and Social Secretary.
										<ul>
											<li>The CoV will be there to take over when chair is not but will also help Social Sec with the creation and running of events.</li>
											<li>There is space on the system to have more people on the committee.</li>
										</ul>
									</li>
								</ul>
							</li>
							<li>Set EGM to end at 7:30 in the emails.
								<ul>
									<li>Bar night start, also first drink is free to all members.</li>
								</ul>
							</li>
						</ul>
					</li>
					<li>Fan Friday
						<ul>
							<li>Rather than set movies chosen by the committee. Is a general low key event where all members can help decide what will happen that night, be it movies, series, chill night, board games, card games etc.</li>
							<li>Polls will be put on Facebook, as long as someone from committee is free on Friday to be present and open the library.</li>
							<li>Will be set up by Matt after the EGM.</li>
						</ul>
					</li>
					<li><i>Note: People seem to be finding the library without too much trouble</i></li>
					<li>Halloween
						<ul>
							<li>Room is booked.</li>
							<li>Got decorations.</li>
							<li>Need someone to set up.</li>
							<li class="action">Sequoia to organise a setup team.</li>
							<li>Make sure projectors &amp; speaker system are there and working</li>
							<li class="action">Matthew Last to make sure they are present.</li>
							<li>Callout sheets need to be made and printed.</li>
							<li class="action">Sequoia to ask Connor [Previous CoV] what happened; what went wrong; new ideas.</li>
							<li class="action">Matthew Last to read Connor's handover doc.</li>
						</ul>
					</li>
					<li>Mafia
						<ul>
							<li>Ksenia is okay to run it.</li>
							<li>Ask her a date and she will confirm if she can do. (Planning mid-November; the 15<sup>th</sup> maybe)</li>
							<li>Can be held in the library if there’s 1 game of a size of 12-15 people.
								<ul>
									<li>Any larger than that will need a different room so that more than 1 game can happen, to avoid people sitting around.</li>
								</ul>
							</li>
							<li>Put up a poll to gauge interest.</li>
						</ul>
					</li>
				</ul>
				
		<h3 class="count">Sofa's Update</h3>
			<h4 class="count">Has Done</h4>
				<ul>
					<li>Various bits of Picocon Admin.</li>
					<li>Some tiny amount of thought about Bar Night.</li>
					<li>Another email will be sent around soon.</li>
					<li>Picocon is good; other people are slow at responding.</li>
				</ul>
				
			<h4 class="count">Would Like to Do</h4>
				<ul>
					<li>Finalise GoH list for Picocon.</li>
					<li>Get a real beanbag.</li>
					<li>Set up a society Discord server?
						<ul>
							<li>Not all of the committee uses discord.</li>
							<li>Not against having one though.</li>
							<li>Try it and see.</li>
							<li>Official group chat.
								<ul>
									<li>No request list on the group chat (unless link to request list form) so that the librarian has fewer places to check things.</li>
								</ul>
							</li>
						</ul>
					</li>
					<li>Advance booking
						<ul>
							<li>Other societies can clearly do it; it would be helpful if we could too.</li>
							<li>Can get better guests if they had a years warning rather than less than 6 months.</li>
							<li>Has not yet gone to see anyone but plans to.</li>
						</ul>
					</li>
				</ul>
			
		<i class="entrance">Connor Winzar enters 15:20</i>
		<br><p><i>Tim makes a Discord account for the society Imperial email</i></p><br>
		<i class="exit">Connor Winzar leaves 15:21</i>
		
		<h3 class="count">Secretary's Update</h3>
			<h4 class="count">Emails</h4>
				<ul>
					<li>Reminder to message the Secretary if there’s anything you want to add.</li>
					<li>Typically emails contain:
						<ul>
							<li>Events for that upcoming week (for bigger events like EGM they are given more than 1 week's notice).</li>
							<li>Meeting summaries (As soon after a meeting as possible and only the notable actions).</li>
							<li>Membership reminders.</li>
						</ul>
					</li>
				</ul>
				
			<h4 class="count">Key List</h4>
				<ul>
					<li>Up to date.</li>
					<li>Fast at adding people but not printing it off.</li>
				</ul>
				
		<i class="exit">Matthew Last leaves 15:25</i>
		
			<h4 class="count">GDPR</h4>
				<ul>
					<li>Wants to try to extend Society data retention to 5 years.</li>
					<li>As long as there is a legitimate reason for extending the GDPR (i.e. we are a lending library; we’d like to have GDPR for the length of time of a standard uni course plus a year so that we can contact them if they still have items on loan after graduation)</li>
					<li>Go to Union to get it worded correctly.</li>
					<li><b>UPDATE: After talking to Tim, at a much later time, this seems like a much harder task than first thought. Needs to be talked about in next committee meeting.</b></li>
				</ul>
				
			<h4 class="count">Newsletter</h4>
				<ul>
					<li>Is for longer emails.</li>
					<li>Might be nice to have a new one written for after Halloween, when the wyrmtongue ends to inform people what other things are expected from Sci-Fi for the rest of the term.</li>
					<li>Jean has expressed interest in possibly writing the next one.</li>
					<li class="action">If Jean is interested to write the next newsletter, to do so.</li>
				</ul>
				
			<h4 class="count">Webpage</h4>
				<ul>
					<li>Buying membership does not put you on the mailing list.</li>
					<li>Sequoia has been adding people manually when she remembers to check.</li>
					<li class="action">Michael to update description on Union webpage with a warning.</li>
				</ul>
				
			<p>Will be running a ‘Bad movie’ night in November (11<sup>th</sup>?)</p>
			
		<h3 class="count">Treasurer's Update</h3>
			<h4 class="count">Treasurer</h4>
					<ul>
						<li>Claims done.</li>
						<li>Picocon budget set.</li>
						<li class="action">Everyone, if you are running an event that includes money/claims, run it through Treasurer first so that he’s aware of the claims coming through.</li>
					</ul>
					
			<h4 class="count">Events</h4>
				<ul>
					<li>Running Doctor Who event next week to the natural history museum.</li>
					<li>Running theme Friday 22<sup>nd</sup> November &ndash; might be ‘Day of the Masters’</li>
					<li>Has enough ideas for Doctor Who events that if we’re light on events, he can fill in.</li>
					<li>Event ideas have been given to him from previous years too. E.g.
						<ul>
							<li>Classic Who on the weekend.</li>
							<li>River Song in chronological order.</li>
							<li>Every time Rory dies.</li>
							<li>Etc.</li>
						</ul>
					</li>
				</ul>
				
		<h3 class="count">Techpriest's Update</h3>
			<h4 class="count">Roku / TV</h4>
				<ul>
					<li>Asked Tim about the weird folders Sequoia found in the menu selection on the TV; committee believe it’s a thing from Physics Dept. (where the TV came from).
						<ul>
							<li>For now, just ignore it.</li>
						</ul>
					</li>
					<li>Roku is set up and working.</li>
					<li>How to use:
						<ul>
							<li>Roku needs to be plugged into the mains via a ‘mains USB adaptor’ (E.g. Phone charger plug with USB port), rather than the TV USB port.</li>
							<li>The TV's source must be set to <i>HDMI 2</i>.</li>
							<li>The Roku has its own remote; it's small and black with purple accents.</li>
						</ul>						
					</li>
					<li>Only committee can decide on what channels to add.
						<ul>
							<li>There is a pin that needs to be entered to add a channel and currently only the Tech-priest knows it.</li>
						</ul>
					</li>
					<li>Netflix needs to be signed into.</li>
					<li>Prime is signed in on Tim’s account.</li>
					<li>There are other channels available (like BBC iPlayer, and YouTube) that need to be looked at.</li>
				</ul>
				
		<h3 class="count">Other Business</h3>
			<ul>
				<li>Library Atmosphere.
					<ul>
						<li>Matthew Last has spoken to past members who do not visit as often.</li>
						<li>Environment was not welcoming.</li>
						<li>People ranting a lot while not talking to new people who walked in.</li>
						<li>It was very person focused.</li>
						<li class="action">Everyone, be aware of this and try to be inclusive.</li>
					</ul>
				</li>
				<li>Fairy lights.
					<ul>
						<li>Yes, they would be nice to have again.</li>
						<li class="action">Sintija, please have a look around for white/yellow fairy lights.</li>
					</ul>
				</li>
				<li>Past midnight agreement renew/reprint &amp; laminate.
					<ul>
						<li class="action">Matthew Last to investigate this.</li>
					</ul>
				</li>
				<li>Fire extinguisher: Do we need one?
					<ul>
						<li class="action">Michael to investigate this.</li>
					</ul>
				</li>
				<li>Permission to tear apart and throw away the old remote and just have separate remotes.
					<ul>
						<li>Granted and done.</li>
					</ul>
				</li>
			</ul>
			
		<!-- This block inserts a box in the top right of the page which, on mouseover,
		displays the actions and motions resulting from the meeting
		class "action" explains itself
		Motions are either class "passed" or class "failed", depending on the outcome of the vote -->
		<a onclick="window.location.hash = (window.location.hash == '#actions' ? '' : '#actions')" id="actions"><h3>Motions &amp; Actions</h3><ul>
		<li><span class="action"> Matthew Last to send last year's Book Crawl map &amp; food details on to Sintija.</span></li>
		<li><span class="action"> Everyone, keep a record of how many people are present at events.</span></li>
		<li><span class="action"> Everyone to take photos at events and send them to Matthew Legg.</span></li>
		<li><span class="action"> Sequoia to organise a Halloween event setup team.</span></li>
		<li><span class="action"> Matthew Last to make sure the projector and speaker system are present in Dyson.</span></li>
		<li><span class="action"> Sequoia to ask Connor Winzar [Previous CoV] what happened last Halloween; what went wrong; new ideas.</span></li>
		<li><span class="action"> Matthew Last to read Connor Winzar's handover doc.</span></li>
		<li><span class="action"> Jean, if he is interested to write the next newsletter, to do so.</span></li>
		<li><span class="action"> Michael to update description on Union webpage with a warning that buying membership doesn't automatically put one on our mailing list.</span></li>
		<li><span class="action"> Everyone, if you are running an event that includes money/claims, run it through the Treasurer first so that he’s aware of the claims coming through.</span></li>
		<li><span class="action"> Everyone, try to be inclusive in the library &ndash; we want to create a welcoming atmosphere.</span></li>
		<li><span class="action"> Sintija, to have a look around for white/yellow fairy lights.</span></li>
		<li><span class="action"> Matthew Last to investigate renewing/reprinting &amp; lamination of the library past midnight agreement.</span></li>
		<li><span class="action"> Michael to investigate whether we need a fire extinguisher for the library.</span></li>
		<li><span class="action"> Sintija, please make another nice sign saying A for the bookshelf by the computer desk.</span></li>
		</ul></a>
			
		<p class="opened">Meeting closed at 15:43</p>
		
		<ul>
			<li>P.S. Someone came in and pointed out the signs being made, however the bookshelf next to the computer desk is where the library starts.
				<ul>
					<li class="action">Sintija, please make another nice sign for that shelf saying A.</li>
				</ul>
			</li>
		</ul>
	</body>
</html>
