<!DOCTYPE html>
<!--ICSF-->
<!--Wed, 06 Dec 2017 15:10:00 +0000-->
<!--General Committee Meeting-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" lang="en" xml:lang="en" dir="ltr">
	<head>
		<!--include "stubs/headers.html"-->
		<title>Minutes: ICSF - 06/12/2017 - ICSF</title>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/resources/minutes.css" />
	</head>
	<body>
		<!--include "stubs/h1-start.html"-->
			Minutes
		<!--include "stubs/h1-end.html"-->

		<nav>
			<!--include "stubs/nav-main.html"-->
			<hr />
			<a href="<!--SRVROOT-->/committee/minutes/">Meetings</a>
			<a href="<!--SRVROOT-->/committee/#constitution">Constitution</a>
		</nav>

	<div style="position: relative;">
		<h2>Minutes of the general committee meeting of the ICSF, 6<sup>th</sup> December 2017</h2> <!-- State meeting type and date -->
		<p class="opened">Meeting Opened at 15:10</p> <!-- State meeting opening time -->

		<h3>Present</h3> <!-- Who was present -->
		<div class="peoples">
			Amelia Owens (Chair)
			Matthew Legg (Treasurer)
			Henry Wild (Librarian)
			Edward Da Fonseca (Picocon Sofa)
			Connor Winzar (Publicity Officer)
			Katherine Read (Wyrmtongue Editor)
			Tim Davison (Tech Priest)
			Eliza Karlowska (Secretary)
			Kai Lawrence (Chair of Vice)
			Edward Pickup (Picocon Beanbag)
			Peter Dawson
			Sequoia Trevorrow
		</div>

		<h3>Apologies</h3> <!-- Who bunked off -->
		<div class="peoples">
			None
		</div>

		<!-- Matters discussed
		Major headings formatted as "h3" with class "count"
		Items under these headings formatted as a (potentially multilevel) list -->
		<h3 class="count">Star Wars</h3>
		<ul>
			<li><b>ACTION:</b> Kai to book rooms for weekend marathon (talk to Hannah Hart)</li>
			<li><b>ACTION:</b> Kai to set up a poll to buy tickets or not for viewing on Friday. Kai to check which viewing we can fit as a group (star wars tickets disappear quite quickly)</li>
		</ul>

		<h3 class="count">Themed Fridays</h3>
		<ul>
			<li>DVDs are off limits this week and therefore themed Friday this week is called off. Suggestion – unofficial house party. We have star wars marathon over the weekend anyway so no need for themed Friday</li>
		</ul>

		<h3 class="count">Christmas Party</h3>
		<ul>
			<li><b>ACTION:</b> Kai to ask Hannah for a room for the party in case we don’t have library back yet</li>
			<li><b>ACTION:</b> After the room is booked, Connor to update the Christmas party poster and upload it to fb page</li>
			<li><b>ACTION:</b> Kai to email people about Christmas party</li>
		</ul>

		<h3 class="count">Maskerade</h3>
		<ul>
			<li>ICSF has 14 tickets, 70 pounds in total</li>
			<li><b>ACTION:</b> Ed Pickup and Kai in charge of distributing them because Connor has deadline and can’t come</li>
		</ul>

		<h3 class="count">Re-shelving</h3>
		<ul>
			<li>This term??? No. Suggestion has been made that it should take place a week after the start of next term.</li>
			<li>Last time we did stock check it took 6 people to do it. We will need many people this time because putting in alphabetical order will take a lot of time. People will be in the aisles and others looking into boxes. We could advertise it but people won’t be generally bothered.</li>
			<li><i>Tall people needed</i></li>
			<li>Henry doesn’t want to be alone so suggestion is that we do it over one weekend.</li>
			<li>‘New year, new library’ thing. We will bring cakes, biscuits, drinks, watch favourite movies etc</li>
			<li>We can’t move books too soon. We were asked to come up with ideas how to additionally waterproof valuables in the library. Estates will take care of the ceiling.</li>
				<ul>
					<li>Bad ideas examples &ndash; shower curtains over shelves (flammable, looks less pretty, less professional); every book put in a plastic bag.</li>
					<li>Safety rules forbid us to attach things to the ceiling above books.</li>
					<li>We are open to any sensible ideas. E.g. carpet is easier to replace than books, therefore we need to come up with anything soon.</li>
					<li>Getting new cabinets would be expensive and would require lots of time to do so.</li>
					<li>Best idea so far: put a waterproof hat on the shelves</li>
				</ul>

		</ul>

		<h3 class="count">Library Status</h3>
		<ul>
			<li>All books, science museum box, money box and other valuables are in secure office room</li>
			<li>3 community service people helped to move boxes on Wednesday morning</li>
			<li>Cleaning of the floor is planned for 7<sup>th</sup> December. Hopefully after that we will use the library as a social space</li>
			<li>5<sup>th</sup> December incident</li>
				<ul>
					<li>Pipe burst between 1<sup>st</sup> and 2<sup>nd</sup> floor and water went down through whole building.</li>
					<li>They found the pipe eventually around 3pm.</li>
					<li>Solution to the leaking pipe was applied &ndash; bucket to be changed every 45 min.</li>
					<li>Therefore, chair and librarian decided to move out books again ASAP.</li>
					<li>Engineers took off some ceiling panels from 1<sup>st</sup> floor and it was very grim.</li>
					<li>Union says this incident is not related to the one from 2 weeks ago and it is not because of a drunk student.</li>
					<li>Last time it was overflowing shower, this time leaking pipe. Tim the Flood Priest will get us a report from first incident</li>
				</ul>
			<li>This time there will be no small library. People have lots of deadlines and it will take a lot of effort to locate specific books. Lending books will make it more difficult to do the re-shelving process therefore we will take a vote on lending suspension</li>
			<li><b>MOTION:</b> Suspend book lending for the time being</li>
				<ul>
					<li>9 for; 1 against; 0 abstaining; 0 not voting; 0 can’t voting</li>
				</ul>
			<li>Mascot ‘Leak’ (leek) to carry with us!</li>
			<li>Union has been amazing with all our issues lately, especially Slavi, Ian, Angela and Hannah. We should buy Christmas card (signed by all committee members) and some chocolates to thank them for their time.  We could bake something for them (icing umbrella?)</li>
			<li>Amelia booked rooms for tour for this week</li>
		</ul>

		<i>15:50 &ndash; Peter and Sequoia enter</i>

		<ul>
			<li>Ed da Fonseca says &ndash; with a huge sneeze in the middle &ndash; that tour t-shirts are arriving on 7<sup>th</sup> December. People suggest other merchandise like umbrellas, socks, underwear etc. Ed will investigate money. <i>Amelia: ‘Spend more on injokes’.</i> Plush leek would be fantastic</li>
			<li>Science fair &ndash; only Ed realised that we agreed to take part in it. Kai stood on a stall and spoke to teachers and students about sci fi. Huge thanks to both of them</li>
		</ul>

		<h3 class="count">Calendar</h3>
		<ul>
			<li>Sequoia needs more people</li>
		</ul>

		<!-- This block inserts a box in the top right of the page which, on mouseover,
		displays the actions and motions resulting from the meeting
		class "action" explains itself
		Motions are either class "passed" or class "failed", depending on the outcome of the vote -->
		<a onclick="window.location.hash = (window.location.hash == '#actions' ? '' : '#actions')" id="actions"><h3>Motions &amp; Actions</h3><ul>

		<li><span class="action"> Kai to book rooms for weekend marathon (talk to Hannah Hart)</span></li>
		<li><span class="action"> Kai to set up a poll to buy tickets or not for viewing on Friday. Kai to check which viewing we can fit as a group (star wars tickets disappear quite quickly)</span></li>
		<li><span class="action"> Kai to ask Hannah for a room for the party in case we don’t have library back yet</span></li>
		<li><span class="action"> After the room is booked, Connor to update the Christmas party poster and upload it to fb page</span></li>
		<li><span class="action"> Kai to email people about Christmas party</span></li>
		<li><span class="action"> Ed Pickup and Kai in charge of distributing them because Connor has deadline and can’t come</span></li>
		<li><span class="passed"> Suspend book lending: 9 for; 1 against; 0 abstaining; 0 not voting; 0 can’t voting</span></li>
		</ul></a>

		<p class="opened">Meeting closed at 16:00</p>
	</body>
</html>
