<!DOCTYPE html>
<!--ICSF-->
<!--Wed, 20 Sep 2017 10:20:00 +0000-->
<!--Pre-Freshers Meeting-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" lang="en" xml:lang="en" dir="ltr">
	<head>
		<!--include "stubs/headers.html"-->
		<title>Minutes: ICSF - 20/09/2017 - ICSF</title>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/resources/minutes.css" />
	</head>
	<body>
		<!--include "stubs/h1-start.html"-->
			Minutes
		<!--include "stubs/h1-end.html"-->

		<nav>
			<!--include "stubs/nav-main.html"-->
			<hr />
			<a href="<!--SRVROOT-->/committee/minutes/">Meetings</a>
			<a href="<!--SRVROOT-->/committee/#constitution">Constitution</a>
		</nav>

	<div style="position: relative;">
		<h2>Minutes of the pre-freshers meeting of the ICSF, 20<sup>th</sup> September 2017</h2>
		<p class="opened">Meeting Opened at 10:20</p>

		<h3>Present</h3>
		<div class="peoples">
			Amelia Owens (Chair)
			Matthew Legg (Treasurer)
			Henry Wild (Librarian)
			Edward Da Fonseca (Picocon Sofa)
			Kai Lawrence (Picocon Beanbag)
			Connor Winzar (Publicity Officer)
			Katherine Read (Wyrmtongue Editor)
			Tim Davison (Tech Priest)
			Peter Dawson
		</div>

		<h3>Apologies</h3>
		<div class="peoples">
			Eliza Karlowska (Secretary)
		</div>

		<h3 class="count">Chair of Vice</h3>
			<ul>
				<li>Elected Chair of Vice will not be back in Imperial this year.</li>
				<li>An EGM will be held in a few weeks’ time.</li>
				<li>Kai is willing to be Acting Chair of Vice with help from Amelia until a new Chair of Vice can be elected.</li>
				<li>Motion proposed for Kai to act as Chair of Vice until an EGM.</li>
				<li><b>MOTION:</b> 9 for, 0 against, 0 abstaining.</li>
			</ul>

		<h3 class="count">Wyrmtongue</h3>
			<ul>
				<li>Wyrmtongue is progressing fine and should be ready for Freshers’ Fair.</li>
				<li>Social media section:</li>
					<ul>
						<li>Katherine will add details of the Picocon twitter.</li>
						<li>Have removed details of the library twitter as it’s unused.</li>
					</ul>
				<li>Steampunk section will be removed since Steampunk is inactive.</li>
				<li>Will mention the upcoming EGM in Wyrmtongue, with a note that Chair of Vice is a big responsibility.</li>
				<li>Printing:
					<ul>
						<li>Will take place at a time when there are people in the library to help fold copies.</li>
						<li>Katherine will ask Dobbin whether he’s able to help with printing.</li>
					</ul>
				</li>
			</ul>

		<h3 class="count">Publicity</h3>
			<ul>
				<li>Felix CSP reports:</li>
					<ul>
						<li>There is a list of dates available on which we can publicise our events in a timetable in Felix.</li>
						<li>They will also be reporting on societies, which needs to be scheduled too.</li>
						<li>The form runs until 8<sup>th</sup> December so we need to think ahead.</li>
						<li>Will try to get the Halloween event into the timetable on the 27<sup>th</sup> October issue, with a write-up on 3<sup>rd</sup> November.</li>
					</ul>
				<li>Posters and leaflets:</li>
					<ul>
						<li>Designs are complete for both.</li>
						<li>Flyers for Freshers’ Fair will be ordered to arrive by Sunday, costing around £25 for 500 flyers.</li>
					</ul>
				<li>Connor will make Facebook events for the upcoming events.</li>
				<li>Anything free (especially during Freshers’) can also be advertised on Give It a Go, including the Literary Lucky Dip, Meet and Greet, Book Crawl and Halloween.</li>
			</ul>
		<h3 class="count">Freshers specific events</h3>
			<ul>
				<li>Freshers' Fair:</li>
					<ul>
						<li>Stall has been booked, although we don’t know the location yet.</li>
						<li>Need to make a rota for Fresher’ Fair volunteers, with people in the library, on the stall, and walking round with Miranda (if a third person is available).</li>
						<li><b>ACTION:</b> Kai to sort out a Freshers’ Fair rota.</li>
						<li>We will show Futurama in the library, and after that consider what we put on to make sure it’s accessible and not spoiler-y.</li>
						<li>Suggested dress code: nerdy T-shirts or Picocon shirts/hoodies. If people wear cloaks or more eye-catching costumes, they could be assigned to walking around with the Dalek to attract attention.</li>
					</ul>
				<li>Meet and Greet:</li>
					<ul>
						<li>The first Friday of Freshers’ Week clashes with Freshers’ Ball, so will be held on Thursday 5<sup>th</sup> October instead, with a 6pm start.</li>
						<li>Would be good to be more interactive since people don’t tend to actually talk over the movie.</li>
						<li>Proper games might be too tacky.</li>
						<li>Instead, create a bingo with TV tropes and other things to spot in the movies we put on, as a more passive and less forced way to get people talking to each other.</li>
						<li>Will watch the films through beforehand to design the bingo.</li>
						<li>Pizza budget will be around £100, with around another £10 for snacks and drinks.</li>
						<li><b>ACTION:</b> Kai to book Blackett 1004 for Meet and Greet, or if unavailable talk to Sam about a room in Skempton.</li>
					</ul>
				<li>Book Crawl:</li>
					<ul>
						<li>Scheduled for Saturday 7<sup>th</sup> October.</li>
						<li>Henry will organise the Book Crawl, will check list of places to go.</li>
						<li>Will also consider somewhere to get food during the day.</li>
						<li>If we visit any second hand bookstores, may also be worth enquiring about whether they’d be willing to come to Picocon, since one of the previous book vendors can no longer make it.</li>
					</ul>
				<li>Literary Lucky Dip:</li>
					<ul>
						<li>Provisionally scheduled for Wednesday 11<sup>th</sup> October, from 12 to 2pm and then 6 to 10pm, to open up the window of opportunity to people who do other activities like sports and gaming.</li>
						<li>We have some quite nice books with duplicate copies, and could include some of these.</li>
						<li>Will also hand out a few random older books at Freshers’ Fair (these will not be wrapped up so people can choose them).</li>
					</ul>
				<li>Mental Health Day:</li>
					<ul>
						<li>Tuesday 10<sup>th</sup> October</li>
						<li>Plan for event:</li>
						<ul>
							<li>Will have a stall in Beit, directing people towards the library, where we will be showing movies. Will have a safer spaces policy for the event, showing either relaxing escapist films or something more relevant to mental health.</li>
							<li>Motion proposed to concentrate primarily on media that deal with mental health.</li>
							<li><b>MOTION:</b> 1 for escapism, 7 for mental health, 1 abstaining.</li>
							<li>Decided to initially focus on specific things that deal with mental health, provided they’re not overly dark, and then potentially move onto more relaxing things afterwards as the day goes on.</li>
							<li><b>ACTION:</b> All to email Amelia with suggestions for films.</li>
							<li><b>ACTION:</b> Amelia to make a list of suggestions for discussion.</li>
							<li><b>ACTION:</b> Kai to make a rota for people to be in the library and on the stall in Beit.</li>
						</ul>
						<li>Safer spaces policy:</li>
						<ul>
							<li>Ed’s draft for a policy currently is effective at specifying the policies enough to avoid restricting people’s fun, while still making the room a more comfortable place.</li>
							<li>However, currently directs people towards a union web-form that is inactive.</li>
							<li><b>ACTION:</b> Henry to speak to DPW to check the union’s policy and ensure having our own policy is okay. Also to check whether the union web-form will become active, and whether there are any steps we could take to deal with issues that aren’t serious enough to be raised to the union.</li>
							<li>Currently we only have the ability to remove people from the library, but could potentially also use temporary bans as a milder alternative to a permanent ban.</li>
							<li>Could introduce a form to sign if you are placed on the keylist, for people to agree that they are responsible and will follow the society’s rules, and that we could remove them from the list if necessary.</li>
							<li>The mental health event will be a trial run for a more official safer spaces policy that might be active in the library at other times.</li>
							<li>A note will be put at the top of the policy to clarify that it is currently designed for the mental health event, and to open it up to thoughts from other members.</li>
							<li>The policy would ultimately be enforced by the Librarian and Chair, but in practice by people on the keylist who are acting as Duty Librarians (in the same way that they have some responsibilities to maintain the library itself).</li>
							<li>It could in theory eventually be introduced officially as an appendix to the standing orders, but for now could be discussed at the EGM and potentially included into the standing orders at that point, depending on feedback and a vote if it reaches that point.</li>
						</ul>
					</ul>
				<li>Halloween:</li>
				<ul>
					<li>Friday 27<sup>th</sup> October.</li>
					<li>Pizza budget for Halloween will likely be a bit lower than for Meet and Greet.</li>
					<li>More specific organisation will be carried out nearer the time.</li>
					<li>Will talk to Sam about potentially getting a room in Skempton.</li>
				</ul>
			</ul>

		<h3 class="count">EGM</h3>
			<ul>
				<li>Thursday 19<sup>th</sup> October</li>
				<li>Will be held to elect a new Chair of Vice.</li>
				<li>Will mention the fact that the EGM is happening in Wyrmtongue.</li>
				<li><b>ACTION:</b> Amelia to send out information about the upcoming EGM.</li>
			</ul>
			<i>[11:44] - Connor Winzar exits.</i>

		<h3 class="count">Recurring Events</h3>
			<ul>
				<li>Lunchtime Viewings:</li>
					<ul>
						<li>Will consider what should be shown in the library over the first two weeks of term, will make a schedule.</li>
						<li>A Duty Librarian rota will also be made for the first two weeks.</li>
					</ul>
				<li>Themed Fridays:</li>
					<ul>
						<li>First will be Friday 6<sup>th</sup> October.</li>
						<li>This is the same time as Freshers’ Ball, so could get a combination of drunk people coming down from the ball, and sober people who have decided not to go.</li>
						<li>Cornetto Trilogy could be conducive to drunk and sober people, and could also have cornettos to go with it, if it’s possible to transport them into the library. Will ask people to pay 60p for a cornetto if they would like one.</li>
						<li>Friday 13<sup>th</sup> October &ndash; Lego movie night, followed by a cinema trip to a late showing of Lego Ninjago.</li>
						<li><b>ACTION:</b> Connor to advertise these Themed Fridays (which will also be publicised in Wyrmtongue).</li>
						<li>Friday 20<sup>th</sup> October will be Rubbish Film Night.</li>
					</ul>
				<li>Cinema Trips:</li>
					<ul>
						<li>Could go to The Golden Circle as a non-subsidised trip before Freshers’ events start.</li>
						<li>Bladerunner will be released on 5<sup>th</sup> October, so we could do a trip to see that.</li>
						<li>Lego Ninjago on 13<sup>th</sup> October after the Themed Friday.</li>
						<li>Will look into ticket prices and then set a date to see Thor Ragnarok, most likely Saturday 28<sup>th</sup> or Sunday 29<sup>th</sup> October.</li>
						<li>To limit making a big loss on an oversubscribed trip, will limit the number of subsidised tickets for the first event, and will not subsidise for non-members. This should incentivise people to buy membership and sign up quickly, although they can still come even if their ticket is not subsidised.</li>
					</ul>
				<li>Bar Nights:</li>
					<ul>
						<li>First bar night will be combined with the EGM on 19<sup>th</sup> October &ndash; will move to the bar afterwards.</li>
					</ul>
				<li>Book Club:</li>
					<ul>
						<li>Henry would like to start a book club at some point, could take inspiration from a number of online book clubs.</li>
						<li>Various popular books are coming out, but would be best to do a shorter book and make sure it’s the first in its series.</li>
						<li>Later in the year, can also use Picocon books.</li>
						<li>It will be held in the library, potentially with some snacks.</li>
					</ul>
			</ul>
		<h3 class="count">Any other business</h3>
			<ul>
				<li>First Aid:</li>
					<ul>
						<li>Ed is doing the training for Dance, so will also do it for sci-fi.</li>
					</ul>
				<li>Beanbags:</li>
					<ul>
						<li>Will buy a replacement for the broken beanbags before the freshers arrive.</li>
						<li>Available for £20 to £30 from Amazon, and could be delivered to the union for simplicity, or we could get cheaper ones elsewhere (and Peter has offered to help drive them to the library if so).</li>
						<li>Will get one new beanbag before Freshers’ Week to see what it’s like, and then potentially a second new one later on.</li>
						<li>Motion proposed to set a budget of up to £35 for one new beanbag.</li>
						<li><b>MOTION:</b> 8 for, 0 against, 0 abstaining.</li>
					</ul>
				<li>Next Committee Meeting:</li>
					<ul>
						<li>Wednesday 27<sup>th</sup> October pending confirmation by Eliza and Connor.</li>
						<li>Will watch films for the Meet and Greet during the afternoon to brainstorm bingo points, and then have the proper committee meeting in the evening.</li>
					</ul>
			</ul>

		<a onclick="window.location.hash = (window.location.hash == '#actions' ? '' : '#actions')" id="actions"><h3>Motions &amp; Actions</h3><ul>
		<li><span class="passed"> Kai to act as Chair of Vice pending EGM: 9 for; 0 against; 0 abstaining</span></li>
		<li><span class="action"> Kai to set up Freshers' Fair rota</span></li>
		<li><span class="action"> Kai to book Blackett 1004 for Meet &amp; Greet, or if unavailable talk to Sam about a room in Skempton</span></li>
		<li><span class="passed"> Film themes for Mental Health Day: 1 for escapism; 7 for mental health; 1 abstaining</span></li>
		<li><span class="action"> All to email Amelia with suggestions for films</span></li>
		<li><span class="action"> Amelia to make a list of suggestions for discussion</span></li>
		<li><span class="action"> Kai to make a rota for people to be in the library and on the stall in Beit</span></li>
		<li><span class="action"> Henry to speak to DPW to check the union’s policy and ensure having our own policy is okay. Also to check whether the union web-form will become active, and whether there are any steps we could take to deal with issues that aren’t serious enough to be raised to the union</span></li>
		<li><span class="action"> Amelia to send out information about the upcoming EGM</span></li>
		<li><span class="passed"> Set up a budget of up to £35 for one new beanbag: 8 for; 0 against; 0 abstaining</span></li>
		</ul></a>

		<p class="opened">Meeting closed at 12:29</p>
	</body>
</html>
