<!DOCTYPE html>
<!--ICSF-->
<!--Thu, 02 Nov 2017 18:07:00 +0000-->
<!--General Committee Meeting-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" lang="en" xml:lang="en" dir="ltr">
	<head>
		<!--include "stubs/headers.html"-->
		<title>Minutes: ICSF - 02/11/2017 - ICSF</title>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/resources/minutes.css" />
	</head>
	<body>
		<!--include "stubs/h1-start.html"-->
			Minutes
		<!--include "stubs/h1-end.html"-->

		<nav>
			<!--include "stubs/nav-main.html"-->
			<hr />
			<a href="<!--SRVROOT-->/committee/minutes/">Meetings</a>
			<a href="<!--SRVROOT-->/committee/#constitution">Constitution</a>
		</nav>

	<div style="position: relative;">
		<h2>Minutes of the general committee meeting of the ICSF, 2<sup>nd</sup> November 2017</h2> <!-- State meeting type and date -->
		<p class="opened">Meeting Opened at 18:07</p> <!-- State meeting opening time -->

		<h3>Present</h3> <!-- Who was present -->
		<div class="peoples">
			Amelia Owens (Chair)
			Matthew Legg (Treasurer)
			Henry Wild (Librarian)
			Edward Da Fonseca (Picocon Sofa)
			Kai Lawrence (Chair of Vice)
			Connor Winzar (Publicity Officer)
			Katherine Read (Wyrmtongue Editor)
			Tim Davison (Tech Priest)
			Eliza Karlowska (Secretary)
			Edward Pickup (Picocon Beanbag)
			Peter Dawson
			Harry Black
		</div>

		<h3>Apologies</h3> <!-- Who bunked off -->
		<div class="peoples">
			None
		</div>

		<!-- Matters discussed
		Major headings formatted as "h3" with class "count"
		Items under these headings formatted as a (potentially multilevel) list -->
		<h3 class="count">EGM Stuff</h3>
			<ol type="a">
				<li>Changing standing orders</li>
					<ul>
						<li>We should change standing orders for now, they need approval of management group later</li>
						<li><b>ACTION:</b> Amelia to change constitution for now</li>
					</ul>
				<li>Implementing Key List Policy</li>
					<ul>
						<li><b>ACTION:</b> Eliza will talk to Dobbin to print the key list policy (25 copies)</li>
						<li><b>ACTION:</b> Librarian and secretary to make people to sign it over the next few weeks</li>
					</ul>
				<li>Safer Space Policy</li>
					<ul>
						<li><b>ACTION:</b> Ed volunteers to develop policy. Other Ed (Edward Pickup) will help Ed</li>
					</ul>
			</ol>

		<h3 class="count">Reports</h3>
			<ol type="a">
				<li>Chair of Vice &ndash; events so far</li>
					<ul>
						<li>Kai: They have gone fine. Everyone paid back this time</li>
					</ul>
				<li>Treasurer &ndash; spending so far</li>
					<ul>
						<li>Spent too much on book crawl</li>
						<li>we can’t do any massive film trips now and we need to slow down on buying DVDs</li>
						<li>We need to encourage people to buy membership</li>
							<ul>
								<li><i>Apparently other societies have also experienced a drop in numbers of new members</i></li>
							</ul>
						<li><b>ACTION:</b> Connor to do a general library advert on freshers Facebook group</li>
						<li><b>ACTION:</b> Proper posters needed instead of ICSF arrows</li>
						<li><b>ACTION:</b> ‘DRAG YOUR FRIENDS DOWN HERE’</li>
					</ul>

					<br>
					<i>Peter: ‘I’m not dragging my supervisor here because he may check if I’m not in the office.’</i><br>
					Wear a Picocon shirt to spread the word!<br><br>

					<ul>
						<li><b>ACTION:</b> Connor to investigate 360&deg; photo of library</li>
					</ul>
			</ol>

		<h3 class="count">Library Business</h3>
			<ol type="a">						<!-- Ordered list - here with lowercase letter delimiters -->
				<li>Librarian Meeting</li>
					<ul>
						<li>It was okay; most of it was irrelevant.</li>
						<li>After the meeting there was book shopping; Henry picked up some comic books and 2 books</li>
							<ul>
								<li>Still have to claim back graphic novels; Henry may donate them</li>
							</ul>
					</ul>
				<li>Beanbags</li>
				<ul>
					<li>Henry didn’t have time &ndash; had a lab report; hopefully will have finished it by Monday. Will sort it out afterwards. He may delegate it.</li>
				</ul>
			</ol>

		<h3 class="count">Upcoming Events</h3>
			<ol type="a">
				<li>Improving organisation</li>
					<ul>
						<li>If we advertise events with snacks, we should do it</li>
						<li>We need to plan events far enough in advance</li>
							<ul>
								<li>Maybe create a checklist for every event?</li>
							</ul>
						<li>Kai to delegate people to do stuff if he can’t manage it</li>
						<li>Subcommittee for events?</li>
					</ul>

				<br>
				<i>Ed: ‘Snacks are the symptom.’</i>
				<br><br>

					<ul>
						<li><b>ACTION:</b> Kai to look at the procedure posted by Amelia to ICSF Google Drive. Flow chart for events planning would be great &ndash; Kai and Connor to expand it. Will be easier especially for other people when they are delegated to hold events.</li>
					</ul>
				<li>Themed Fridays</li>
					<ul>
						<li>This Friday we are going to watch educational films (skip LoTR).</li>
						<li>Planned themed Fridays:</li>
							<ul>
								<li>Disney niche movies night</li>
								<li>RT night</li>
									<ul>
										<li><i>Kai needs to work on it with Matt</i></li>
									</ul>
							</ul>
					</ul>
				<li>Star Wars/Justice league cinema trip</li>
					<ul>
						<li>Last year Rogue One worked on the last day of term so it is okay to organise this year’s Star Wars film trip.</li>
						<li>If we do Last Jedi trip, we will possibly get more people to the library.</li>
						<li>We can’t afford the trip if only current members come. Last year we lost £246 on Doctor Strange and we are coming close to that number this year with some other things we did wrong.</li>
						<li>If we can get new members, then yes, Last Jedi should work.</li>
						<li>If more people buy membership then we will subsidise the trip.</li>
						<li>We can do non-subsidised justice league as well &ndash; as a social event.</li>
						<li>Remember to buy tickets week in advance.</li>
						<li><b>ACTION:</b> Connor to put on freshers Facebook page: ‘Potential events including star wars trip’.</li>
							<ul>
								<li>Facebook post -&gt; decide how many new members we got -&gt; subsidise or not -&gt; if not subsidised Imax</li>
							</ul>
					</ul>
			</ol>

				<i>Henry leaves at 19:06</i>

			<ol type="a" start="4">
				<li>Marathons</li>
					<ul>
						<li>Next weekend marathon of Stranger Things &ndash; season 1 on 11<sup>th</sup> Nov and season 2 on 12<sup>th</sup> Nov.</li>
						<li>Organise Star Wars marathon before premiere.</li>
							<ul>
								<li>Trip is going to be on Friday 15<sup>th</sup> December, so marathon will be on Friday and Saturday 1<sup>st</sup> and 2<sup>nd</sup> December for people to get into Star Wars and potentially sign up for the trip.</li>
							</ul>
					</ul>
				<li>Podcasts/discussion meetings</li>
					<ul>
						<li>E.g. to have a discussion on a thing and run a podcast based on the discussion.</li>
						<li>Topics:</li>
							<ul>
								<li>Books you would take on a desert island with you</li>
								<li>Three books that you would save if rest were destroyed</li>
								<li>etc.</li>
							</ul>
						<li>Quite intermediate, tame conversations to make more members and make society more approachable.</li>
						<li>Book corner in the podcast.</li>
						<li>Something equivalent to the quotes list, but a less extreme, clean thing.</li>
							<ul>
								<li>Use a quote to start a discussion or weird discussions in library on things not really related to sci fi.</li>
								<li>‘These are the kinds of discussions we have in the library’ at the end of the podcast.</li>
							</ul>
						<li>We can discuss news, reddit posts etc.</li>
						<li>Leave political sci fi podcast until the end of the term so Ed can talk about whatever the fuck he wants.</li>

						<br>
						<i>Amelia: How do we record?</i><br>
						<i>Tim: With a microphone.</i>
						<br><br>

						<li><b>ACTION:</b> Amelia will talk to her friend about IC Radio and investigate free slots.</li>
						<li>Probably Wednesdays would be the best slot.</li>
						<li>Potential team: Ed, Ed and backup Ed.</li>
							<ul>
								<li>Should be 3 people</li>
							</ul>
						<li>We need to do it regularly; some people should commit.</li>
						<li>People who want to be regular hosts: Kai, Ed, Other Ed (Edward Pickup), Peter, Connor, Harry.</li>
						<li>We could skip IC Radio if it makes it easier to record.</li>
							<ul>
								<li>However, if we do it on our website new people won’t listen to it.</li>
							</ul>
						<li>We should start a topic list (something like the quotes list).</li>
					</ul>
				<li>Other fun events</li>
					<ul>
						<li>Katherine wants to organise social ice skating trip.</li>
					</ul>
				<li>DramSoc collab</li>
					<ul>
						<li>We are advertising it as £5; if we don’t get enough we will be able to make the difference (£20 at most).</li>
						<li>16 people voted in a poll so we expect to book around 20 tickets for the play.</li>
						<li>We were offered 7<sup>th</sup> December by DramSoc.</li>
					</ul>
			</ol>

		<h3 class="count">Picocon Update</h3>
			<ul>
				<li>We have guests confirmed.</li>
				<li>We don’t have books of some guests, so Ed will request some books from Henry.</li>
				<li>Ed got Lecture Theatre Room 1 in Blackett for the talks.</li>
				<li>Tan (?) &ndash; there were complaints about sci fi not going there and publicising.</li>
				<li>DoDM person to be asked in December.</li>
				<li>Picocon logo competition &ndash; no responses.</li>
					<ul>
						<li>Ed will post something to the fb page and on twitter account publicising logo competition.</li>
						<li>Theme is Harmony. <i>Amelia: ‘It’s a metaphor for communism’</i>.</li>
					</ul>
				<li>Maybe a sci fi band for Picocon made of members?</li>
			</ul>

		<h3 class="count">Library Guest Book</h3>
			<ul>
				<li>Started in 2002, post AGM/EGM thing.</li>
				<li>Most recent entry: Hay on Wye 2014.</li>
				<li>Old members guest book thing to have in the library?</li>
				<li>Currently it’s date/name/comment.</li>
				<li>Ed will ask people during Picocon if they want to write something down.</li>
				<li>Send an email to committee list and ask them to do something for that?</li>
				<li>Graduating class for sci fi members.</li>
					<ul>
						<li>Some graduates come back to London and pop in to library; it would be nice if they wrote down something there.</li>
					</ul>
				<li>Year book perhaps should be a separate thing.</li>
			</ul>

		<h3 class="count">Any Other Business</h3>
			<ul>
				<li>CLAIMS</li>
					<ul>
						<li>Any less than £50 claim should be fine.</li>
						<li>Anything more than £50 has to go through management group.</li>
						<li>Committee hasn’t been changed on website; Amelia is nagging them.</li>
						<li>Some claims may not go through. Yell at Amelia if claim isn’t approved.</li>
						<li>DPCS hasn’t responded yet; Amelia to go to SAC/G/sec (?whatever).</li>
					</ul>
				<li>Sam having potential storage place in DesEng.</li>
					<ul>
						<li>Henry hasn’t investigated it yet.</li>
					</ul>
				<li>We could probably recover beanbag email, because it exists.</li>
				<li>Facebook events</li>
					<ul>
						<li>Occasional reminders &ndash; 2 weeks before, 1 week, day before, morning of the event.</li>
						<li>Posters few days before.</li>
						<li>Share in Facebook group day before.</li>
						<li>Schedule mailing list emails.</li>
						<li><b>ACTION:</b> Kai and Connor to sort these out between each other.</li>
					</ul>
				<li>Why is computer turning off?</li>
					<ul>
						<li><b>ACTION: </b> Tim to decorate computer with glitter.</li>
					</ul>
				<li>Old website</li>
					<ul>
						<li>People had a profile &ndash; some kind of myspace.</li>
						<li>Nice way of tracking history.</li>
						<li>Apparently it’s too time consuming to rebuild the page.</li>
						<li><b>ACTION: </b> Tim to look into restoring old functionality of web page. Tim to talk to Vin about it. Peter can help for curiosity purposes.</li>
					</ul>
			</ul>

		<!-- This block inserts a box in the top right of the page which, on mouseover,
		displays the actions and motions resulting from the meeting
		class "action" explains itself
		Motions are either class "passed" or class "failed", depending on the outcome of the vote -->
		<a onclick="window.location.hash = (window.location.hash == '#actions' ? '' : '#actions')" id="actions"><h3>Motions &amp; Actions</h3><ul>

		<li><span class="action"> All to DRAG YOUR FRIENDS DOWN TO THE LIBRARY</span></li>
		<li><span class="action"> Amelia to change Standing Orders for now</span></li>
		<li><span class="action"> Amelia to talk to IC Radio and investigate free slots</span></li>
		<li><span class="action"> Amelia to go to SAC and nag people</span></li>
		<li><span class="action"> Eliza to talk to Dobbin to print key list policy</span></li>
		<li><span class="action"> Eliza to make people sign key list policy</span></li>
		<li><span class="action"> Henry to make people sign key list policy</span></li>
		<li><span class="action"> Henry to purchase a beanbag</span></li>
		<li><span class="action"> Ed &amp; Other Ed to develop safer spaces policy</span></li>
		<li><span class="action"> Kai to find out how to access the Society Google Drive</span></li>
		<li><span class="action"> Kai &amp; Connor to expand events planning flowchart</span></li>
		<li><span class="action"> Kai to organise events :P</span></li>
		<li><span class="action"> Connor to post a general library advert on Freshers Facebook group</span></li>
		<li><span class="action"> Connor to investigate 360&deg; photo of library</span></li>
		<li><span class="action"> Connor to put up proper arrows</span></li>
		<li><span class="action"> Connor to advertise events :P</span></li>
		<li><span class="action"> Tim to decorate computer with glitter</span></li>
		<li><span class="action"> Tim to look into restoring old functionality of web page (use Peter for help)</span></li>
		</ul></a>

		<p class="opened">Meeting closed at 19:41</p>
	</body>
</html>
