<!DOCTYPE html>
<!--ICSF-->
<!--Thu, 19 Oct 2017 18:09:00 +0000-->
<!--Emergency General Meeting-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" lang="en" xml:lang="en" dir="ltr">
	<head>
		<!--include "stubs/headers.html"-->
		<title>Minutes: ICSF - 19/10/2017 - ICSF</title>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/resources/minutes.css" />
	</head>
	<body>
		<!--include "stubs/h1-start.html"-->
			Minutes
		<!--include "stubs/h1-end.html"-->

		<nav>
			<!--include "stubs/nav-main.html"-->
			<hr />
			<a href="<!--SRVROOT-->/committee/minutes/">Meetings</a>
			<a href="<!--SRVROOT-->/committee/#constitution">Constitution</a>
		</nav>

	<div style="position: relative;">
		<h2>Minutes of the emergency general meeting of the ICSF, 19<sup>th</sup> October 2017</h2>
		<p class="opened">Meeting Opened at 18:09</p>
		
		<h3>Present</h3>
		<div class="peoples">
			Amelia Owens (Chair)
			Matthew Legg (Treasurer)
			Henry Wild (Librarian)
			Edward Da Fonseca (Picocon Sofa)
			Kai Lawrence (Picocon Beanbag/Acting Chair of Vice)
			Connor Winzar (Publicity Officer)
			Katherine Read (Wyrmtongue Editor)
			Tim Davison (Tech Priest)
			Eliza Karlowska (Secretary)
			Peter Dawson
			Christopher Hutchinson (non-full member)
			Harry Black
			Sequoia Trevorrow
			Edward Pickup
			Archit Sharma (non-member)
			Tay Hui Chang
		</div>
		
		<h3>Apologies</h3>
		<div class="peoples">
			None
		</div>
		
		<h3 class="count">Approval of Previous Minutes</h3>
			<ul>
				<li>Minutes were approved</li>
			</ul>
			
		<h3 class="count">Election to Fill Committee Positions</h3>
			<ul>
				<li>No formal nominations were made before the meeting; nominations will be taken from the floor</li>
				<li>The position of RON will be represented by Miranda the Dalek</li>
				<li>Voting will be done by Multi-Ballot Anti-Voting (MBAV) method. The Union requires that elections must be done by Single Transferable Vote (STV) if an objection to the alternative method is made. Those present were asked if there were any objections and none were received</li>
			</ul>
			
		<h3 class="count">Election of Chair of Vice</h3>
			<ul>
				<li>Kai stands</li>
				<li>Miranda stands</li>
				<li>Speeches:</li>
					<ul>
						<li><b>Kai:</b> He ran last time; thinks people know him; he thinks he’s done a good job as acting Chair of Vice; he would appreciate any help from other members</li>
						<li><b>Miranda:</b> 'Ehm' (all clap)</li>
					</ul>
				<li>Questions:</li>
					<ol>
						<li><i>What do the candidates plan for the next film trip, considering a massive flop with Blade Runner 2049?</i></li>
							<ul>
								<li><b>Kai:</b> Wants to prepare more for the event, couple weeks in advance; will make it more clear on google form that people who sign, have to come.</li>
								<li><b>Miranda:</b> Exterminate anyone who doesn’t pay and sell them to cybermen</li>
							</ul>
						<li><i>How would the candidates deal with being Chair of Vice?</i></li>
							<ul>
								<li><b>Kai &amp; Miranda:</b> Badly</li>
							</ul>
						<li><i>Would candidates turn down alcohol for the sake of social events in sci fi?</i></li>
						(Ed laughs hysterically)
							<ul>
								<li><b>Kai:</b> Would drink only to socialise; responsibly</li>
								<li><b>Miranda:</b> Daleks don’t drink</li>
							</ul>
						<li><i>What would candidates suggest for new events?</i></li>
							<ul>
								<li><b>Kai:</b> Talked to Sai about that; thought about laser tag, escape room; podcast could be fun as well</li>
								(Connor is a part of IC radio)
								<li><b>Miranda:</b> Exterminate AnimeSoc</li>
							</ul>
					</ol>
				<li>Vote taken:</li>
					<ul>
						<li>2 for eliminating Kai; 9 for eliminating Miranda; 1 not voting; 0 abstaining; 1 can’t voting</li>
					</ul>
				<li><b>Kai elected as Chair of Vice</b></li>
			</ul>
			
		<h3 class="count">Election of Picocon Beanbag</h3>
			<ul>
				<li>Ed Pickup stands</li>
				<li>Miranda stands</li>
				<li>Speeches:</li>
					<ul>
						<li><b>Ed:</b> Likes yelling at people and can organise minions; thinks he’s organised as a person. Was in sci fi 3 times last year and didn’t pay; now he’s a member. He’s into sci fi and stuff so will be glad to help</li>
						<li><b>Miranda:</b> I order minions all the time; I have slaves. You’re a filthy human. Humans should be exterminated</li>
					</ul>
				<li>Questions:</li>
					<ol>
						<li><i>What subject are the candidates studying and what year of Uni are they currently in?</i></li>
							<ul>
								<li><b>Ed:</b> Second year; may have exams in Feb (decently heavy); studies EIE. He didn’t see convention last year</li>
								<li><b>Miranda:</b> EEE &ndash; Exterminate! Exterminate! Exterminate!</li>
							</ul>
						<li><i>Which one of the candidates is more comfortable to sit on?</i></li>
							<ul>
								<li><b>Ed:</b> Do you want to find out?</li>
							</ul>
						<li><i>Are the candidates happy to pass on info?</i></li>
							<ul>
								<li><b>Ed:</b> Yes</li>
								<li><b>Miranda:</b> I will not share</li>
							</ul>
					</ol>
				<li>Vote taken:</li>
					<ul>
						<li>0 for eliminating Ed; 12 for eliminating Miranda; 0 abstaining; 0 not voting; 1 can’t voting</li>
					</ul>
				<li><b>Ed elected Picocon Beanbag</b></li>
			</ul>
			
			<i>Tay Hui Chang leaves 18:27</i><br>
			Random quote: 'Clements would rule the galaxy.'<br>
			<i>Archit enters 18:30</i>
			
		<h3 class="count">Proposed Changes to Standing Orders</h3>
			<ol type="a">
				<li><b>MOTION:</b> Addition of ‘Don’t use the library as a long term storage place’ to the Library Rules</li>
					<ul>
						<li>12 in favour; 0 against; 0 abstaining; 0 not voting; 2 can’t voting</li>
					</ul>
				<li><b>MOTION:</b> Addition of ‘No staying in the library past 11pm without a committee member present or permission from the librarian’ to the Library Rules</li>
					<ul>
						<li>12 in favour; 0 against; 0 abstaining; 0 not voting; 2 can’t voting</li>
					</ul>
				<li>Addition of Key List Policy</li>
					<ul>
						<li>Last year people weren’t aware of key list responsibility. We’ve got policy written now; people will sign the form when added to the key list</li>
							<ul>
								<li><i>How does signing help?</i> Symbolic thing, to give trustworthy people an impression of responsibility. If people break the rules -&gt; removal from the key list and ban from the library (last resort). Banning seems awkward because it denies access to the club they paid for. We can’t stop people from borrowing books, but we can ban them from coming into the social space</li>
								<li><i>What things are considered as breaking the rules?</i> Forgetting to lock up; leaving large numbers of personal things; sleeping; not cleaning up; people not instructed how to take the book out and books went missing</li>
								<li><i>Where do we keep the forms?</i> In France drawer</li>
							</ul>
						<li>Recommendation: keep copy of the key list on the door</li>
						<li><b>MOTION:</b> 12 in favour; 0 against; 0 abstaining; 0 not voting; 2 can’t voting</li>
					</ul>
				<li>Addition of Safer Space policy</li>
					<ul>
						<li>The union has one policy and it is outdated so Ed tried to write one for Sci Fi. It doesn’t add much to what we do in the library but it makes it more clear if something bad happens (precaution). Still waiting for DPW approval of our safer space policy draft. Safer space policy &ndash; thoroughly explained ‘Don’t take the piss’ rule. Quotes list falls under banter; it is usually without context so we could filter things to be put on the website. How about trial period and see how it goes for few months before we get feedback from DPW. We can see if any issues arise</li>
						<li><i>What will happen in 5 years' time when a new committee could misinterpret the policy written by Ed?</i> We can put an expiry date on the policy &ndash; e.g. it needs to be reapproved by current committee in the next 3 years.</li>
						<li><i>Does the union care about safer space policy?</i> Ed says that we want something that comes under Union, not a separate thing because we don’t have the authority. The union policy is 4 years old and is difficult to find. Ed wants to make people aware of it because it will be harder to abuse it</li>
						<li>People aren’t thrown out every day; it’s only exceptional circumstances. Documentation should be last resort. In policy there is a path of action, e.g. talk to neutral committee member</li>
						<li><i>Can’t we have aims for library social space, like 9 rules on the door to remind people?</i> People usually don’t know about standing orders when they join society. Also we aren’t trained, whereas Union has people who are trained; that’s why our policy would refer to Union policy</li>
						<li>Writing rules down make it more like walking on egg shells. Older members will be affected because new committee may be more strict with interpretation of the rules</li>
						<li><b>Chris:</b> Back in Sci Fi there was a man named Adam; he lacked empathy. He started hitting me with a Millwall hammer (rolled newspaper) &ndash; it hurt; I had bruises the next day. We talked to him and Adam turned into a nice person. Situations like that come up, but you can deal with it rather than turn someone to a piece of paper. I’m sure, if a safer space policy was written, someone would kick me out of here. Another valid point &ndash; documents change perspective when situations like that happen (‘he’s a dick’ -&gt; ‘I’ve been assaulted’)</li>
						<li>For the policy &ndash; more clarifications on what levels of escalations are appropriate. Union never enforced their policy; they mention web form that doesn’t exist. We can remove mentions of Union, which would be a wrong thing to do. Higher people would be offended that we don’t mention it</li>
					</ul>
					
					<br><i>Archit leaves 19:26</i>
					<br><br>
					
					<ul>
						<li><b>MOTION:</b> Immediately implement the safer space policy</li>
							<ul>
								<li>0 for immediate implementation; 10 for scrapping; 2 abstaining; 0 not voting; 1 can’t voting</li>
							</ul>
						<li><b>MOTION:</b> Development and review of the policy with members of society and DPW and then postponing a vote on implementation until the AGM</li>
							<ul>
								<li>10 for; 0 against; 2 abstaining; 0 not voting; 1 can’t voting</li>
							</ul>
					</ul>
			</ol>
			
		<h3 class="count">Any Other Business</h3>
			<ul>Bad movie night &ndash; movies prepared; committee members are going to be in</ul>
		
		<a onclick="window.location.hash = (window.location.hash == '#actions' ? '' : '#actions')" id="actions"><h3>Motions &amp; Actions</h3><ul>
		<li><span class="passed"> Addition of ‘Don’t use the library as a long term storage place’ to the Library Rules: 12 for; 0 against; 0 abstaining; 0 not voting; 2 can't voting</span></li>
		<li><span class="passed"> Addition of ‘No staying in the library past 11pm without a committee member present or permission from the librarian’ to the Library Rules: 12 for; 0 against; 0 abstaining; 0 not voting; 2 can't voting</span></li>
		<li><span class="passed"> Addition of the key list policy to the Standing Orders: 12 for; 0 against; 0 abstaining; 0 not voting; 2 can't voting</span></li>
		<li><span class="failed"> Immediate implementation of the safer space policy: 0 for; 10 against; 2 abstaining; 0 not voting; 1 can't voting</span></li>
		<li><span class="passed"> Postponing a vote on implementation of the safer space policy until the AGM, after development and review: 10 for; 0 against; 2 abstaining; 0 not voting; 1 can't voting</span></li>
		</ul></a>
			
		<p class="opened">Meeting closed at 19:33</p>
	</body>
</html>
