<!DOCTYPE html>
<!--ICSF-->
<!--Fri, 12 Jan 2018 18:09:00 +0000-->
<!--General Committee Meeting-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" lang="en" xml:lang="en" dir="ltr">
	<head>
		<!--include "stubs/headers.html"-->
		<title>Minutes: ICSF - 12/01/2018 - ICSF</title>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/resources/minutes.css" />
	</head>
	<body>
		<!--include "stubs/h1-start.html"-->
			Minutes
		<!--include "stubs/h1-end.html"-->

		<nav>
			<!--include "stubs/nav-main.html"-->
			<hr />
			<a href="<!--SRVROOT-->/committee/minutes/">Meetings</a>
			<a href="<!--SRVROOT-->/committee/#constitution">Constitution</a>
		</nav>

	<div style="position: relative;">
		<h2>Minutes of the general committee meeting of the ICSF, 12<sup>th</sup> January 2018</h2> <!-- State meeting type and date -->
		<p class="opened">Meeting Opened at 18:09</p> <!-- State meeting opening time -->

		<h3>Present</h3> <!-- Who was present -->
		<div class="peoples">
			Amelia Owens (Chair)
			Matthew Legg (Treasurer)
			Henry Wild (Librarian)
			Edward Da Fonseca (Picocon Sofa)
			Katherine Read (Wyrmtongue Editor)
			Tim Davison (Tech Priest)
			Eliza Karlowska (Secretary)
			Edward Pickup (Picocon Beanbag)
			Harry Black
			Thomas Donaldson
		</div>

		<h3>Apologies</h3> <!-- Who bunked off -->
		<div class="peoples">
			Connor Winzar (Publicity Officer)
			Kai Lawrence (Chair of Vice)
		</div>

		<!-- Matters discussed
		Major headings formatted as "h3" with class "count"
		Items under these headings formatted as a (potentially multilevel) list -->
		<h3 class="count">Library Leak</h3>
		<ul>
			<li>Hole is still in the roof; we complained about it to the union who thought it was already fixed. Angela and Tim said it will be fixed; they spoke to estates about the issue. To fix the tiles on the ceiling at least 2 boxes need to be removed from the aisle to give access.</li>
			<li>Re-shelving to happen after the tiles have been put back in place. For light changing it will be easier when books are on the shelves.</li>
			<li>Union is okay with the idea of a waterproof cap on top of the shelves. We would have to remove books from the highest shelves though.</li>
			<li>Ed P. suggests book sleeves <i>(quick check: 10 for £10)</i>. Could get a discount for bulk buying but still around worth 5 grand for all the books we have.</li>
		</ul>

		<i>18:15 &ndash; Ed da Fonseca enters</i>

		<ul>
			<li>If we decide on new roofs for shelves, we need them custom made; McKenney knows people for that.</li>
			<li><b>ACTION:</b> Henry to email central library for ideas.</li>
			<li><b>ACTION:</b> Someone (Amelia/Henry) to work out quote for caps on shelves.</li>
			<li><b>ACTION:</b> Henry to figure out how to squeeze in a new shelf (sketches, ideally not in Minecraft). Tim found on the library’s computer sketches of the floor so when the computer is set up it may be easier than taking measurements ourselves.</li>
			<li><b>ACTION:</b> Tim to grab Henry one lunchtime to talk to Angela about missing parts of our computer.</li>
			<li>Ed suggests books beneath chairs instead of boxes. We have to say no to that idea &ndash; too costly and alphabetical order would be messed up when people moved the chairs.</li>
			<li>Another suggestion &ndash; remove crap from behind librarian chair. Top 3 shelves could be turned into a book space. Amelia says there’s not much to be removed from there after the clear up happened.</li>
				<ul>
					<li><i>Amelia: “There’s not a lot of shelves on that shelf for a shelf”</i></li>
				</ul>
			<li><b>ACTION:</b> Matthew to look through document about VHS that Amelia made and look into grant (Harlington) money we got for replacing it.</li>
			<li><b>ACTION:</b> Henry to sort out the library space.</li>
			<li>Ed suggests a half shelf that would go from the desk towards shelving space. Not the worst idea.</li>
			<li><b>ACTION:</b> Eliza to ask people in the email about sensible ideas for rearranging shelves.</li>
			<li><b>ACTION:</b> Henry contact people about lights because college is for big jobs and lights aren’t big enough.</li>
			<li><b>ACTION:</b> Talk to GOO to check who fit the shelves.</li>
			<li><b>Re-shelving starting on 20<sup>th</sup> or 21<sup>st</sup> January and Wednesdays.</b></li>
				<ul>
					<li>We could work one day per weekend for Henry to have a life.</li>
					<li>Ex-librarian and Ed want to supervise when Henry isn’t there.</li>
					<li>Henry still wants to be there for the whole process.</li>
					<li>Ideally the books <i>need</i> to be put back on shelves before Picocon and we only have 4 weekends left to that.</li>
				</ul>
			<li>Potential securing shelves to the walls &ndash; rather estates job than ours.</li>
			<li>There are some horizontal spare shelves &ndash; put them behind librarian chair (first need to empty last aisle to get them).</li>
				<ul>
					<li><i>Ed da Fonseca: “Most efficient space to fit it all &ndash; in spheres!”</i></li>
				</ul>
			<li>If we don’t get more creative ideas before Wednesday, we will go with current ideas.</li>
			<li>Chair’s job &ndash; need to redo risk assessment.</li>
			<li><b>ACTION:</b> Amelia to delegate someone to reassess leak for the document.</li>
			<li><b>ACTION:</b> Henry to add to handover document what to do when leak happens.</li>
		</ul>

	<h3 class="count">Picocon</h3>
		<ul>
			<li>All guests will soon be emailed questions for the panel talk.</li>
			<li>We don’t have turkey viewings yet.</li>
			<li>Wes, Charlmane and Amelia so far to be chaperones – Amelia will get two guests. Ideally, we would like one more.</li>
			<li>Ed da F. will try to do event budget &ndash; there is one in eActivities from two years before.</li>
			<li>A book seller is needed, because one can’t make it this year.</li>
			<li><b>ACTION:</b> Connor to publicise Picocon in Felix the week before and do some fliers. Mostly college internal advertising. We need to publicise what Picocon actually is.</li>
			<li>Centrefold &ndash; would be good for advertising Picocon; make Connor get naked in front of a leek XD.</li>
			<li><b>ACTION:</b> Ed to pass info to Connor.</li>
			<li>Katherine wants people to write stuff.</li>
				<ul>
					<li>Amelia has half a poem. Katherine needs anything.</li>
					<li>Henry made a nonogram and will make a crossword.</li>
					<li>We need a collective story. Katherine will come down for a lunchtime to encourage people to write it.</li>
					<li>We need to update scavenger stuff; people feel free to add changes on the document on google drive.</li>
				</ul>
			<li>Suggestion &ndash; make a five word story competition. Chocolate price for doing a thing.</li>
			<li><b>ACTION:</b> Ed to give Katherine a paragraph for Picocon beanbag.</li>
		</ul>

		<i>Ed da Fonseca leaves at 19:00</i>

	<h3 class="count">Budget</h3>
		<ul>
			<li>We have a bit less money than we did last year at the same time.</li>
			<li><b>ACTION:</b> Matthew to find pay book, probably in the corner of last aisle.</li>
			<li>Matthew is going to a budget meeting this Wednesday.</li>
			<li>We spend too much on cinema trips. We agreed on 4 cinema trips per year &ndash; 2 in first term and one for second term and one for third term.</li>
			<li><b>ACTION:</b> Matthew to amend our cinema trips budget.</li>
			<li>One trip is like 5 books so we should buy more library stuff for that money.</li>
			<li>Make your friends buy membership!</li>
		</ul>

	<h3 class="count">January Events</h3>
		<ul>
			<li>Kai apologised through Ed P. for not being present. Ed reads Kai’s and Connor’s suggestions for new events.</li>
			<li>Escape rooms &ndash; they are normally for 5 people. A lot of money for a limited number of people. Unless we organise it as a non-official event. Therefore, no.</li>
			<li>Laser tag is fun and more people would be able to do it at the same time. They have themes and we could cosplay. Suggestion has been made that we should do Sci-Fi vs. Tabletop and Gaming.</li>
			<li><b>ACTION:</b> Henry to talk to his friends from those societies about a joint laser tag event.</li>
			<li>Danger 5 cocktail night &ndash; we need a house. A bit awkward because it’s more about friend groups within society.</li>
			<li>Themed Friday idea: Watching River Song (Doctor Who) episodes in her order.</li>
			<li>Make a Movie soundtrack list for sci-fi podcast.</li>
			<li>VR experience Star Wars in Shepherd’s Bush &ndash; 30 pounds per person for 10 min &ndash; too pricey.</li>
			<li>Sci fi crest competition</li>
			<li>Horror movie night</li>
			<li>Anime Soc joint event</li>
			<li>Start once a week fixed number of episodes of Doctor Who &ndash; people would get annoyed who socialise and talk during watching so no.</li>
			<li>Pub quiz with sci fi theme.</li>
			<li>Stargazing in Regent's park or camping in zone 9 &ndash; unofficial event at Amelia’s. Maybe joint event with Astro Soc.</li>
			<li><b>ACTION:</b> Kai to think about themed Fridays.</li>
			<li>Subsidised cinema trip this term: Ready Player One. Non-subsidised cinema trip: Black Panther.</li>
		</ul>

		<!-- This block inserts a box in the top right of the page which, on mouseover,
		displays the actions and motions resulting from the meeting
		class "action" explains itself
		Motions are either class "passed" or class "failed", depending on the outcome of the vote -->
		<a onclick="window.location.hash = (window.location.hash == '#actions' ? '' : '#actions')" id="actions"><h3>Motions &amp; Actions</h3><ul>

		<li><span class="action"> Henry to email central library for ideas</span></li>
		<li><span class="action"> Someone (Amelia/Henry) to work out quote for caps on shelves</span></li>
		<li><span class="action"> Henry to figure out how to squeeze in a new shelf (sketches, ideally not in Minecraft). Tim found on the library’s computer sketches of the floor so when the computer is set up it may be easier than taking measurements ourselves</span></li>
		<li><span class="action"> Tim to grab Henry one lunchtime to talk to Angela about missing parts of our computer</span></li>
		<li><span class="action"> Matthew to look through document about VHS that Amelia made and look into grant (Harlington) money we got for replacing it</span></li>
		<li><span class="action"> Henry to sort out the library space</span></li>
		<li><span class="action"> Eliza to ask people in the email about sensible ideas for rearranging shelves</span></li>
		<li><span class="action"> Henry to contact people about lights because college is for big jobs and lights aren’t big enough</span></li>
		<li><span class="action"> Talk to GOO to check who fit the shelves</span></li>
		<li><span class="action"> Amelia to delegate someone to reassess leak for the risk assessment</span></li>
		<li><span class="action"> Henry to add to handover document what to do when leak happens</span></li>
		<li><span class="action"> Connor to publicise Picocon in Felix the week before and do some fliers</span></li>
		<li><span class="action"> Ed to pass Picocon info to Connor</span></li>
		<li><span class="action"> Ed to give Katherine a paragraph for Picocon beanbag</span></li>
		<li><span class="action"> Matthew to find pay book, probably in the corner of last aisle</span></li>
		<li><span class="action"> Matthew to amend our cinema trips budget</span></li>
		<li><span class="action"> Henry to talk to his friends from tabletop and gaming societies about a joint laser tag event</span></li>
		<li><span class="action"> Kai to think about themed Fridays</span></li>
		</ul></a>

		<p class="opened">Meeting closed at 19:20</p>
	</body>
</html>
