<!DOCTYPE html>
<!--ICSF-->
<!--Fri, 29 Sep 2017 17:36:00 +0000-->
<!--General Committee Meeting-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" lang="en" xml:lang="en" dir="ltr">
	<head>
		<!--include "stubs/headers.html"-->
		<title>Minutes: ICSF - 29/09/2017 - ICSF</title>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/resources/minutes.css" />
	</head>
	<body>
		<!--include "stubs/h1-start.html"-->
			Minutes
		<!--include "stubs/h1-end.html"-->

		<nav>
			<!--include "stubs/nav-main.html"-->
			<hr />
			<a href="<!--SRVROOT-->/committee/minutes/">Meetings</a>
			<a href="<!--SRVROOT-->/committee/#constitution">Constitution</a>
		</nav>

	<div style="position: relative;">
		<h2>Minutes of the general committee meeting of the ICSF, 29<sup>th</sup> September 2017</h2>
		<p class="opened">Meeting Opened at 17:36</p>
		
		<h3>Present</h3>
		<div class="peoples">
			Amelia Owens (Chair)
			Matthew Legg (Treasurer)
			Henry Wild (Librarian)
			Edward Da Fonseca (Picocon Sofa)
			Kai Lawrence (Picocon Beanbag/Acting Chair of Vice)
			Connor Winzar (Publicity Officer)
			Katherine Read (Wyrmtongue Editor)
			Tim Davison (Tech Priest)
			Eliza Karlowska (Secretary)
			Peter Dawson
			Robin Thomas
			Saad Ahmed
		</div>
		
		<h3>Apologies</h3>
		<div class="peoples">
			None
		</div>
		
		<h3 class="count">eActivities, Membership, Facebook Admins, Etc</h3>
			<ul>
				<li>Committee members will be made mods for the ICSF Facebook page; previous chairs will be kept as admins (we want some way to restore page if something goes wrong and we don’t want random people with access)</li>
				<li>@icsf.org emails: suggestion to make them imperial.ac.uk or .sf (?)</li>
				<li>There’s no Beanbag email; Kai currently has a Chair of Vice email; Ed will ask new Beanbag, after EGM, if they want a new email</li>
				<li><b>ACTION:</b> Take cover photo for Facebook for freshers and another one after EGM</li>
				<li><b>ACTION:</b> Amelia to email Tim all the current emails for committee members</li>
				<li><b>ACTION:</b> Tim to do the email update on ICSF website</li>
				<li><b>ACTION:</b> If someone hasn’t done ‘Making a claim’ and ‘Requesting spaces’ test on eActivities, do it!</li>
			</ul>
			
		<h3 class="count">Budget</h3>
			<ul>
				<li>On track as we were last year; we bought bookmarks last year for freshers which costed a bit but we still have lots of them</li>
				<li>We don’t want to spend too much money on first cinema trip; we will subsidise e.g. first 25 tickets (about 250 pounds lost)</li>
			</ul>
			
		<h3 class="count">Update on Publicity</h3>
			<ol type="a">
				<li>Centrefold</li>
					<ul>
						<li>For Picocon; to be done in January</li>
						<li>Last time, people weren't very pleased with the centrefold</li>
						<li><b>ACTION:</b> Connor to investigate when to apply</li>
						<li>Motion proposed: Would people be comfortable with some people from the society to do it?</li>
						<li><b>MOTION:</b> All for, 0 against, 0 abstaining</li>
					</ul>
				
				<li>Facebook events</li>
					<ul>
						<li>Connor needs times and dates for events</li>
					</ul>
				
				<li>Flyers and Posters &ndash; Distribution</li>
					<ul>
						<li>Flyers are going on freshers fair</li>
						<li>Posters to be distributed over the weekend, before Tuesday</li>
						<li><b>ACTION:</b> Ed and Connor to distribute posters</li>
					</ul>
			</ol>
			
		<h3 class="count">Update on Wyrmtongue</h3>
			<ul>
				<li>In process of being printed by Robin</li>
				<li><b>ACTION:</b> 30<sup>th</sup> Sept in the library: Wyrm folding with friends</li>
			</ul>
			
		<h3><i>Library Business</i></h3>
		<h3 class="count">Duty Librarian Rota</h3>
			<ul>
				<li>Henry to do it tonight. Henry to look for volunteers and make proper rota (non-freshers)</li>
			</ul>
			
		<h3 class="count">Key List Policy</h3>
			<ul>
				<li>Put together policy about responsibility when people are added to the key list. We should include unofficial rules (e.g. behave in front of the webcam) in an email</li>
				<li>Remind people there are valuables here. Observe the rules in the library. Make sure others stick to the rules as well</li>
			</ul>
			
			<i>Kai enters 18:00</i>
			
			<ul>
				<li>Password to database &ndash; we can’t change it as for now, chat to past tech priests (Vin) about how long it would take to change the password</li>
				<li>Special cases for old ones and freshers &ndash; some people want to only borrow books without spending much time in the library, that’s why we need duty librarian position</li>
			</ul>
			
			<i>Robin and Saad enter with Wyrmtongue prints 18:07</i><br>
			<i>Robin leaves 18:08</i>
			
			<ul>
				<li>Process of putting people on the key list: case by case &ndash; if a person is recognised by committee and spends time in the library very often, then person could be added</li>
				<li>If the library is open someone should be in the library with access to database. Establishing Duty librarian &ndash; to make sure library is open at lunchtime (from 12 to 14). Make a voluntary official job for that?</li>
				<li>Key list &ndash; responsibility for the contents of the library and any people who may be in the library</li>
				<li>Duty librarian changes to Ability to takes books out &ndash; means the same as being on a key list.</li>
				<li><b>MOTION:</b> Being on the key list meaning to have access to database</li>
					<ul>
						<li>All in favour, 0 against, 0 abstaining</li>
					</ul>
				<li>We have to make people sign the policy, then scan it to make them know they are taking the responsibility. We can’t put password on the document. Will email with instructions and password (separately)</li>
				<li>We should make people aware that the key list exists. Key list policy and safe space policy &ndash; standing orders on EGM</li>
				<li>If you are a duty librarian/committee, you are allowed to enforce the rules in the library</li>
				<li>We are not folding key list and duty librarian. Duty librarian is trusted by librarian that is on the key list. Key list is for the people who we trusted enough to get into library</li>
				<li>Librarian -&gt; Duty Librarian -&gt; Key list</li>
				<li>Additional rules for the library:</li>
					<ul>
						<li>Don’t use the library as a long-term storage place (over 24 h)</li>
						<li>No one can stay here overnight without the Librarian’s permission</li>
						<li>Key list policy enforces the rules. Talk to librarian in special cases</li>
						<li>Marathons only organised by committee/librarian</li>
						<li>Someone on the key list to be allowed to be in the library past 11pm must be with a committee member in the library (we don’t want to have additional issues with security and cleaners)</li>
					</ul>
				<li><b>ACTION:</b> Henry to get updated version of permission to stay in the library; email DPCS</li>
			</ul>
			
		<h3 class="count">General Pre-freshers Library Cleanup Operation</h3>
			<ol type="a">
				<li>Beanbag status</li>
					<ul>
						<li><b>ACTION:</b> Henry to find a beanbag. Peter can pick up the bag and get it to the library. Average cost 30 quid</li>
					</ul>
			</ol>
			
		<h3 class="count">Library Space Issues</h3>
			<ol type="a">
				<li>Archive status</li>
					<ul>
						<li>In the next couple of years there will be no space for books. There are books that haven’t been taken out for decades. We can donate them to another library or to charity</li>
						<li><b>ACTION:</b> Henry to ask Central Library at imperial for long term archive. (Some books were donated by old members and they could be angry about their removal). We’d rather have it within Imperial, not external people. We want to access books in a short amount of time (e.g. 24h). We can’t ask union for more space; we wouldn’t get library again. 1988 -&gt; someone donated money for the library to have space. We are lucky enough to have this space. Henry has 100 books in mind to remove from decades ago</li>
						<li><b>MOTION:</b> Enact Henry's plan</li>
							<ul>
								<li>All in favour; 0 against; 0 abstaining</li>
							</ul>
						<li><b>ACTION:</b> Amelia and Henry to finish grant thingy to replace VHS with DVDs</li>
						<li><b>ACTION:</b> Henry to look into Futurama releases that take less storage space</li>
						<li><b>ACTION:</b> Tim to write guide to use library electronics</li>
					</ul>
			</ol>
			
		<h3 class="count">Update on Freshers Events</h3>
			<ol type="a">
				<li>Meet and Greet</li>
					<ul>
						<li>Sam McKenney helped out with a room: Skempton SKEM 237 from 6pm till 10pm Thursday 5<sup>th</sup> October. Event will start at 6pm and move to the library when enough people have left. We ought to clean up the room after we use it. Room can be used from 5pm onwards</li>
						<li>We have budget for free pizza; will do bingo with films and people please do socialise with your best behaviour around freshers</li>
						<li>Bingo with 2 episodes of Galavant and Galaxy Quest. We’ve got approx. 51 points for each viewing (Katherine has the list)</li>
						<li><b>ACTION:</b> Katherine and Henry to go through second episode of Galavant and Curse of the fatal death, set up the bingo and do some clean-up of the library on Saturday 29<sup>th</sup> September</li>
						<li><b>ACTION:</b> Kai to ask Sam to get all committee members to get access to Skempton</li>
						<li><b>ACTION:</b> Kai to make arrows so that people know how to get to the room we booked within Skempton</li>
						<li><b>ACTION:</b> Someone check the tech at least the day before the event and tell Sam if anything is wrong</li>
					</ul>
				<li>Themed Friday</li>
					<ul>
						<li>Cornetto trilogy &ndash; 6pm-12pm, library, Friday 6<sup>th</sup> October</li>
						<li>Cornettos (ice cream) have been in the library before and there were no issues reported while all the chairs and floor were filled in the library. We are okay with lots of people in the library as a freshers event. If we use cornettos, we don’t allow people to use beanbags</li>
							<ul>
								<li>Prices: £2.00 per 4 actual cornettos in Sainsburys; £1.10 for 4 knock-off cornettos in Sainsburys, Tesco £1 for knock-off cornettos</li>
							</ul>
						<li>50p for cornetto per person; easier to work with than 60p. We will ask people to preorder and buy more than we expect for the first film just to make sure no one would miss out on ice cream (expecting 25 people to show up)</li>
						<li><b>ACTION:</b> Peter will bring cool box for storage with ice. We will designate someone to go to Sainsburys before each film (3 trips throughout the evening)</li>
					</ul>
				<li>Book crawl</li>
					<ul>
						<li>11 am-14 pm, 14<sup>th</sup> October (end of freshers fortnight)</li>
						<li>Henry has a map from last year; will consider second hand book stores. They are a lot smaller so it’s an option at the end of the book crawl; fewer people to get inside second hand book store</li>
					</ul>
				<li>Freshers' Fair</li>
					<ul>
						<li>1 person in the library (Peter), 2 people for the stall and 3 people to walk around in Beit Quad (they hand out flyers (500) and are responsible for telling people how to get to the library)</li>
						<li>2-3h, roughly, for each person</li>
						<li>Wyrms to be handed out more slowly than flyers; anyone who signs up for the mailing list to be given a wyrm. 70% wyrms on the stand and 30% in the library</li>
						<li>Gender spread at the stall; 1 female and 1 male</li>
						<li>Peter wants someone to get him a sandwich while he is in the library whole day</li>
						<li>Clothes: someone with a dalek or in costume on Queen’s Lawn, nerdy and picocon t-shirt welcome (unless you have a very recognisable and easy costume)</li>
						<li>People who walk around - we have 2 tablets and mobile phones &ndash; we can have digital signing sheet</li>
						<li><b>ACTION:</b> Kai to send out tonight rota for fresher’s fair (first draft completed)</li>
						<li><b>ACTION:</b> Amelia to tell Kai how to make doddle poll or google form</li>
						<li><b>ACTION:</b> Connor to photocopy some of signing sheets that are already in the library above the desk</li>
						<li><b>ACTION:</b> Kai to make google form for fresher’s fair sign up. Post it on the Imperial’s official freshers Facebook group as well</li>
					</ul>
				<li>Mental Health Day</li>
					<ul>
						<li>Covered last time</li>
						<li><b>ACTION:</b> Amelia to send Connor and Eliza the info</li>
						<li><b>ACTION:</b> Ed to send a draft to Henry who will send a follow-up email about safer space policy</li>
					</ul>
				<li>Literary lucky dip</li>
					<ul>
						<li>Library, 12-2pm, 6-10pm, Wednesday 11<sup>th</sup> October</li>
						<li>We have some books wrapped from last year, as well as sealing wax</li>
						<li><b>ACTION:</b> Eliza to help Henry with sealing wax</li>
						<li><b>ACTION:</b> Henry will choose books on Sat 30<sup>th</sup>; Amelia will tell Henry what books to use for lucky dip</li>
					</ul>
			</ol>
			
			<i>Peter leaves 19:48</i>
			
			<ol type="a" start="7">
				<li>LEGO movie night</li>
					<ul>
						<li>TBC when to start</li>
						<li>LEGO cinema trip not to be subsidised</li>
						<li><b>ACTION:</b> Amelia to look for cinema times</li>
					</ul>
				<li>EGM</li>
					<ul>
						<li><b>ACTION:</b> Amelia to send out email on Saturday/Sunday about EGM. Appoint returning officer (Amelia); publicise 5 days before nominations; attached copy of union by laws (p34)</li>
						<li><b>ACTION:</b> Henry to forward to Amelia email about EGM</li>
						<li><b>ACTION:</b> Kai to book a room for EGM, same day as bar night (19<sup>th</sup> October; start at 6pm), Blackett 1004</li>
						<li>Bar night at 8pm until 10pm</li>
						<li><b>ACTION:</b> Amelia to book a table for the bar night</li>
					</ul>
				<li>Rubbish film night</li>
					<ul>
						<li>Standard theme Friday thing: 6pm, library</li>
					</ul>
				<li>Halloween party</li>
					<ul>
						<li><b>ACTION:</b> Kai to book a room, 27<sup>th</sup> October. See how Sam’s room works for Meet &amp; Greet and then book it for Halloween. Hold off until Meet &amp; Greet</li>
					</ul>
				<li>Thor Ragnarok cinema trip</li>
					<ul>
						<li>Leave that for a bit to decide what time we are running it &ndash; 2 weeks before the event</li>
					</ul>
				<li>Blade Runner</li>
					<ul>
						<li>7<sup>th</sup> or 8<sup>th</sup> October &ndash; £12.60 adult, £9.90 student (Fulham Broadway) for Saturday 2<sup>nd</sup>. We are subsidising 25 tickets &ndash; £7 each for 25 people</li>
						<li><b>ACTION:</b> Amelia to put up some times and see who from the committee can come</li>
					</ul>
			</ol>
			
		<h3><i>Miscellaneous Business</i></h3>
		
		<h3 class="count">Picocon Update</h3>
			<ul>
				<li>3 guests confirmed; suggestions sent for other guests</li>
				<li><b>ACTION:</b> Ed to book a room for Picocon now-ish. Mailing list to be told after 4<sup>th</sup> guest confirmed</li>
				<li>Safer to put DoDM on Queen's Lawn rather than Beit Quad</li>
				<li><b>ACTION:</b> Ed to investigate rooms for Picocon</li>
				<li>Ed got into discussion with t-shirt supplier. Cost might change with a new t-shirt supplier. They offer something they aren’t actually doing and are very slow with replying. We might look somewhere else, but the usual supplier is very cheap</li>
			</ul>
		
		<a onclick="window.location.hash = (window.location.hash == '#actions' ? '' : '#actions')" id="actions"><h3>Motions &amp; Actions</h3><ul>
		<li><span class="action"> Take cover photo for Facebook for freshers and another one after EGM</span></li>
		<li><span class="action"> Amelia to email Tim all the current emails for committee members</span></li>
		<li><span class="action"> Tim to do the email update on ICSF website</span></li>
		<li><span class="action"> If someone hasn’t done ‘Making a claim’ and ‘Requesting spaces’ test on eActivities, do it!</span></li>
		<li><span class="passed"> Would people be comfortable with some people from the society to do a Felix centrefold? All for; 0 against; 0 abstaining</span></li>
		<li><span class="action"> Ed and Connor to distribute posters</span></li>
		<li><span class="action"> 30th Sept in the library: Wyrm folding with friends</span></li>
		<li><span class="action"> Henry to draw up a Duty Librarian rota tonight. Henry to look for volunteers and make proper rota (non-freshers)</span></li>
		<li><span class="action"> Henry to get updated version of permission to stay in the library; email DPCS</span></li>
		<li><span class="action"> Henry to purchase a new beanbag for the library</span></li>
		<li><span class="passed"> Ask Central Library for long-term archive space for old books: All for; 0 against; 0 abstaining</span></li>
		<li><span class="action"> Henry to ask ICL Central Library for long-term archive space</span></li>
		<li><span class="action"> Amelia and Henry to finish grant thingy to replace VHS with DVDs</span></li>
		<li><span class="action"> Henry to look into Futurama releases that take less storage space</span></li>
		<li><span class="action"> Tim to write guide to use library electronics</span></li>
		<li><span class="action"> Katherine and Henry to go through second episode of Galavant and Curse of the fatal death, set up the bingo and do some clean-up of the library on Saturday 29<sup>th</sup> September</span></li>
		<li><span class="action"> Kai to ask Sam to get all committee members to get access to Skempton</span></li>
		<li><span class="action"> Kai to make arrows so that people know how to get to the room we booked within Skempton</span></li>
		<li><span class="action"> Someone check the tech at least the day before the event and tell Sam if anything is wrong</span></li>
		<li><span class="action"> Peter will bring cool box for storage with ice. We will designate someone to go to Sainsburys before each film (3 trips throughout the evening)</span></li>
		<li><span class="action"> Kai to send out tonight rota for fresher’s fair (first draft completed)</span></li>
		<li><span class="action"> Amelia to tell Kai how to make doddle poll or google form</span></li>
		<li><span class="action"> Connor to photocopy some of signing sheets that are already in the library above the desk</span></li>
		<li><span class="action"> Kai to make google form for fresher’s fair sign up. Post it on the Imperial’s official freshers Facebook group as well</span></li>
		<li><span class="action"> Amelia to send Connor and Eliza the info</span></li>
		<li><span class="action"> Ed to send a draft to Henry who will send a follow-up email about safer space policy</span></li>
		<li><span class="action"> Eliza to help Henry with sealing wax</span></li>
		<li><span class="action"> Henry will choose books on Sat 30<sup>th</sup>; Amelia will tell Henry what books to use for lucky dip</span></li>
		<li><span class="action"> Amelia to look for cinema times</span></li>
		<li><span class="action"> Amelia to send out email on Saturday/Sunday about EGM. Appoint returning officer (Amelia); publicise 5 days before nominations; attached copy of union by laws (p34)</span></li>
		<li><span class="action"> Henry to forward to Amelia email about EGM</span></li>
		<li><span class="action"> Kai to book a room for EGM, same day as bar night (19<sup>th</sup> October; start at 6pm), Blackett 1004</span></li>
		<li><span class="action"> Amelia to book a table for the bar night</span></li>
		<li><span class="action"> Kai to book a room, 27<sup>th</sup> October. See how Sam’s room works for Meet &amp; Greet and then book it for Halloween. Hold off until Meet &amp; Greet</span></li>
		<li><span class="action"> Amelia to put up some times and see who from the committee can come</span></li>
		<li><span class="action"> Ed to book a room for Picocon now-ish. Mailing list to be told after 4<sup>th</sup> guest confirmed</span></li>
		<li><span class="action"> Ed to investigate rooms for Picocon</span></li>
		</ul></a>
			
		<p class="opened">Meeting closed at 20:10</p>
	</body>
</html>
