<!DOCTYPE html>
<!--ICSF-->
<!--Fri, 24 Nov 2017 13:00:00 +0000-->
<!--Emergency Committee Meeting-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" lang="en" xml:lang="en" dir="ltr">
	<head>
		<!--include "stubs/headers.html"-->
		<title>Minutes: ICSF - 24/11/2017 - ICSF</title>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/resources/minutes.css" />
	</head>
	<body>
		<!--include "stubs/h1-start.html"-->
			Minutes
		<!--include "stubs/h1-end.html"-->

		<nav>
			<!--include "stubs/nav-main.html"-->
			<hr />
			<a href="<!--SRVROOT-->/committee/minutes/">Meetings</a>
			<a href="<!--SRVROOT-->/committee/#constitution">Constitution</a>
		</nav>

	<div style="position: relative;">
		<h2>Minutes of the emergency committee meeting of the ICSF, 24<sup>th</sup> November 2017</h2> <!-- State meeting type and date -->
		<p class="opened">Meeting Opened at 13:00 (?)</p> <!-- State meeting opening time -->

		<h3>Present</h3> <!-- Who was present -->
		<div class="peoples">
			Amelia Owens (Chair)
			Henry Wild (Librarian)
			Edward Da Fonseca (Picocon Sofa)
			Kai Lawrence (Chair of Vice)
			Tim Davison (Tech Priest)
			Edward Pickup (Picocon Beanbag)
		</div>

		<h3>Apologies</h3> <!-- Who bunked off -->
		<div class="peoples">
			Matthew Legg (Treasurer)
			Connor Winzar (Publicity Officer)
			Katherine Read (Wyrmtongue Editor)
			Eliza Karlowska (Secretary)
		</div>

		<!-- Matters discussed
		Major headings formatted as "h3" with class "count"
		Items under these headings formatted as a (potentially multilevel) list -->
		<h3 class="count">State of the Library</h3>
		<ul>
			<li>The Library has been deemed unsafe for entry, and so is currently closed</li>
			<li>For now access is to be restricted to just Amelia &amp; Henry to cover ourselves</li>
			<li>The plan is to check every day or two to chart progress of watermarks and compare</li>
			<li>It can be used as a social space after the ceiling tiles have been replaced, and once it is guaranteed safe for books the books will brought back</li>
			<li>Was stated that it is imperative for the room to be usable as Library in order to fulfill our objectives as a society</li>
			<li>Last time this occurred, waterproof ceiling was looked into, but this didn’t happen as the ‘issue was fixed’, should push for this</li>
			<li>Union will make something happen here apparently, or at least try</li>
			<li>If they can’t guarantee the safety of that space they need to find us another space for us to function as a society</li>
			<li><b>ACTION:</b> Matt to check the wording of the large donation made to the Union on the condition that we have a space in perpetuity</li>

			<li>Started considering pros/cons and other locations should they offer to give us them</li>
				<ul>
					<li>If we are given Meeting Room 5 moving forwards it will be hard for older members to access the room, and is likely too small</li>
					<li>The storage spaces/cages are even worse &ndash; no space in there really at the moment, and with the issue Kayaking had with sewage leaks is likely as unsafe if not more</li>
					<li>Concluded that a room change must be our last resort</li>
					<li>Henry brought up that if they did try to not give us a room or generally not be helpful, we could very easily create a social-media fuss, as was suggested in the email chain from last time</li>
				</ul>

			<li>Ed P raises issue of authority of this issue potentially just bouncing between Union &amp; College</li>

			<li>Discussed potential library waterproofing</li>
				<ul>
					<li>If we did fully exit the library in order for it to be waterproofed we could use this as an opportunity to remodel the library and potentially put up the additional set of shelves currently stored in the library</li>
					<li>If this were to occur, should push for it to be done over christmas UG break in order to minimise impact on our membership</li>
					<li>During the West Basement redevelopment we were asked if wanted our room redeveloped, but as it would reduce the the height of the room we said no. Was suggested that it be worth speaking to members from that time, such as Tom Rivlin to determine what was said during this interaction</li>
					<li>We could maybe see if we can get the whole room redeveloped in the style of others should this occur. This could allow us to change the ceiling lights, potentially ameliorating the issue of lowered ceiling height</li>
					<li>Need to put together claim for waterproofing of roof + money for damages &amp; loss of opportunity as a society plus historical losses as we are likely one of the places to still have physical copies of some of these magazines</li>
					<li>Ed P suggests putting these two issues together, allowing us to pull back on the money issue if need be in order to guarantee waterproofing</li>
				</ul>

			<li><b>ACTION:</b> Kai &amp; Ed dF to put together list of all damaged items ASAP, &amp; to ask Dave Clements to speak to his contacts and determine how much it would cost to replace should we want to</li>
			<li>Ed P raises issue of water quality, especially considering Kayaking. However this idea was shot down by the group as if this goes wrong it could be very bad us as a society, potentially giving them an excuse to kick us out of our room</li>
		</ul>

		<h3 class="count">Immediate Actions</h3>
		<ul>
			<li>Lending</li>
				<ul>
					<li>Could with concerted effort reinstitute some lending capacity</li>
					<li>Henry suggests recall but with the database down and the Library inaccessible, this was decided not to happen</li>
					<li>For now will suspend general lending, bar a few books picked out by the committee/group mentality, a sort of inverse-desert island books, that can be lent out. More informal than the weekly sessions for next week</li>
				</ul>

			<li>Social</li>
				<ul>
					<li>Henry books projector for Thursday 30<sup>th</sup> as the room we have then doesn’t have one</li>
					<li>We have access to a room from 1-3pm on Monday and 12-1pm on Tuesday-Friday</li>
					<li>Ed D F comes up with idea of ICSF tour shirts, potentially Picocon merch idea, maybe a Dalek with an umbrella image</li>
					<li>Underwater film night idea: Little Mermaid, Pacific Rim, The Abyss etc</li>
				</ul>
		</ul>

		<h3 class="count">Rest of Term</h3>
		<ul>
			<li>Need to find a location for Star Wars marathon if access is not returned soonish</li>
			<li><b>ACTION:</b> Kai to talk to Sam re using his Skempton room for this marathon</li>
			<li>Ultra-pessimistic scenario discussed: Social space back up in 2-3 weeks, library reopened next year/never</li>
			<li>Brought up that the security guard who first reported it, heard an odd sound, thought it might be a flooded bathroom/shower, however it wasn’t. Then engineering got plumbers in</li>
			<li>If this goes on much further, Kai will need to book rooms for weekly sessions, beyond those provided for the upcoming week</li>
			<li>Brought up that term will end in 3 weeks</li>
			<li><b>ACTION:</b> Kai to organise Star Wars tickets/trip in general</li>
			<li><b>ACTION:</b> Henry to create Brandon Sanderson event</li>
		</ul>

		<!-- This block inserts a box in the top right of the page which, on mouseover,
		displays the actions and motions resulting from the meeting
		class "action" explains itself
		Motions are either class "passed" or class "failed", depending on the outcome of the vote -->
		<a onclick="window.location.hash = (window.location.hash == '#actions' ? '' : '#actions')" id="actions"><h3>Motions &amp; Actions</h3><ul>

		<li><span class="action"> Matt to Check the wording of the large donation made to the Union on the condition that we have a space in perpetuity</span></li>
		<li><span class="action"> Kai &amp; Ed dF to put together list of all damaged items ASAP, &amp; to ask Dave Clements to speak to his contacts and determine how much it would cost to replace should we want to</span></li>
		<li><span class="action"> Kai to talk to Sam re using his Skempton room for this marathon</span></li>
		<li><span class="action"> Kai to organise Star Wars tickets/trip in general</span></li>
		<li><span class="action"> Henry to create Brandon Sanderson event</span></li>
		</ul></a>

		<p class="opened">Meeting closed at 14:00 (?)</p>
	</body>
</html>
