<!DOCTYPE html>
<!--ICSF Committee-->
<!--2011-01-14-->
<!--Spring Term Opening Meeting-->
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
	<title>Minutes of ICSF Committee Meetings, 14/01/11 (18:01) and 14/01/11 (18:03)</title>
	<meta name="Description" content="icsf (Imperial College Union Science Fiction, Fantasy and Horror Society) Website" />
 	<meta name="Reply-to" content="icsf@ic.ac.uk" />
	<link type="text/css" rel="stylesheet" href="/scc/icsf/resources/style.css" />
	<link type="text/css" rel="stylesheet" href="/scc/icsf/resources/minutes.css" />

</head>

<body class="bodyMedium">
<table width="95%" cellpadding="4" class="bodyDark" align="center">
<tr>
<td class="bodyLight">
<h2>Minutes of ICSF Committee Meetings, 14/01/11 (18:01)</h2>

<span class="opened">Meeting opened at 18:01.</span>
	<h3>Present</h3>
	<div class="peoples">Chris Hutchison (Chairentity),
		Gabriel Carpenter (Treasurer),
		Joseph Britton (Publicity Officer),
		Ethel Bardsley (Tech Priest),
		Lucy McGregor (Librarian),
		Joakim Scharp (Secretary),
		Wouter van den Bergh (Chair of Vice),
		Liz Clark (Picocon Sofa),
		Alex Cameron,
		Benedict Harcourt,
		Ed Boff
	</div>
	<h3>Any Other Business</h3>
	<ul>
		<li><h4>Large Chunks of Metal</h4>
		<ul>
			<li>Chris wants some</li>
		</ul></li>
	</ul>
<span class="closed">Meeting closed at 18:03.</span>


<hr />
<div class="actions">
	<h3>Actions & Motions</h3>
	<ul>
		<li class="action">Gabriel to look into updating the comic collection</li>
		<li class="action">Wouter to promote these</li>
		<li class="action">Chris and Gabriel to do budget</li>
		<li class="action">Ethel to buy wood to brace them</li>
		<li class="action">Liz to chase Aziz re: VAT on this</li>
		<li class="action">Liz to talk to SAC about walkie-talkies</li>
		<li class="action">Cameron to look into parking for sellers</li>
		<li class="action">Liz to Contact Eastercon, contact ZZ9 offering a table.</li>
		<li class="action">Joakim to get Wargames/Magic to do something</li>
		<li class="action">Liz to tell bookers when they need to leave</li>
		<li class="action">Liz and Semidave to look into LARP gear sellers</li>
		<li class="action">Benedict to check it is playable</li>
		<li class="action">Chris to secure liquid nitrogen</li>
		<li class="action">Liz to ask Steve to run DODM</li>
		<li class="action">Chris to write quiz</li>
		<li class="action">Cameron to do book section of quiz</li>
		<li class="action">SemiDave, Ben, and Mark to figure out deployment</li>
		<li class="action">Semidave to advertise at Rock Paper Shotgun meet (21/1)</li>
		<li class="action">Semidave to get attempt to get us on BoingBoing etc.</li>
		<li class="action">Joseph, Semidave, Liz to organise posters/flyers</li>
		<li class="action">Liz to attend or minion for BSFA (26/1), Tun (3/2)</li>
		<li class="action">Cameron to give data to Liz</li>
		<li class="action">Liz to then but player</li>
		<li class="action">Benedict to make sure this happens</li>
	</ul>
	<ul>
		<li class="motion passed">To not sell beer, all in favour</li>
	</ul>
</div>

<h2>Minutes of ICSF Committee Meetings, 14/01/11 (18:03)</h2>


<span class="opened">Meeting opened at 18:03.</span>
	<h3>Present</h3>
	<div class="peoples">Chris Hutchison (Chairentity),
		Gabriel Carpenter (Treasurer),
		Joseph Britton (Publicity Officer),
		Ethel Bardsley (Tech Priest),
		Lucy McGregor (Librarian),
		Joakim Scharp (Secretary),
		Wouter van den Bergh (Chair of Vice),
		Liz Clark (Picocon Sofa),
		Alex Cameron,
		Benedict Harcourt,
		Ed Boff
	</div>

	<h3>Apologies and Minutes</h3>
	<ul>
		<li>There were no apologies</li>
		<li>The minutes of the meeting of 25th November were approved unanimously</li>
		<li>The minutes of the meeting of 21st Feb (18:01pm) were approved unanimously</li>
		<li>Not all actions were completed (but merged into these minutes)</li>
	</ul>

	<h3>Chairs Report</h3>
	<ul>
		<li>There have been complaints that our comic collection is 'not up to date'
		<ul>
			<li>There is a lot of opinion on this issue.</li>
			<li>The claims should still be investigated</li>
			<li class="action">Gabriel to look into updating the comic collection</li>
		</ul>
		</li>

		<li>Upcoming events
		<ul>
			<li>There should be a barnight this Thursday</li>
			<li>People should go to the 14/02 Princess Bride/Labyrinth special</li>
			<li>People should also go the ICU Cinema events</li>
			<li class="action">Wouter to promote these</li>
		</ul></li>
	</ul>

	<h3>Treasurer's Report</h3>
	<ul>
		<li>We still have money, despite the Librarian's best efforts.</li>
		<li>It is budgeting season. PANIC!</li>
		<li class="action">Chris and Gabriel to do budget</li>
	</ul>

	<h3>Librarian's Report</h3>
	<ul>
		<li>All the books by our Picocon guests have been acquired.</li>
		<li>The shelves have arrived, and will be put up next week</li>
		<li>They still need to be braced
		<ul>
			<li class="action">Ethel to buy wood to brace them</li>
		</ul></li>
		<li>New chairs will happen</li>
		<li>Writers workshop: total &pound;175 at &pound;10 for one session or &pound;15 for two, for 13-15 writers
		<ul>
			<li class="action">Liz to chase Aziz re: VAT on this</li>
		</ul></li>
		<li>Beanbags have been newly stuffed</li>
	</ul>

	<h3>Picocon</h3>
	<ul>
		<li><h4>Authors</h4>
		<ul>
			<li>We has them.</li>
			<li>Still trying to work out where meal will be
			<ul>
				<li>Juliett McKenna is lactose intolerant</li>
				<li>There are also other requirements</li>
				<li>A decision was made, but the secretary failed to note it</li>
			</ul></li>

			<li>Minders:
			<ul>
				<li>Kari Sperring: Lucy</li>
				<li>Paul McAuley: Gabriel</li>
				<li>Rosie and Peter are reserves</li>
			</ul></li>
		</ul></li>

		<li><h4>Logistics</h4>
		<ul>
			<li>Peter appointed Mr. T-Shirt and Mr. Quiz</li>
			<li>Chris has been put in charge of writing the quiz</li>
			<li>Semi-Dave is running the LAN</li>
			<li>Benedict will be manning the front desk</li>
			<li>The LT1 Ringmaster is yet to be found/decided</li>
			<li>Walkie-Talkies need to be arranged
			<ul>
				<li>7 are needed</li>
				<li>Make sure charged and that chargers work</li>
				<li class="action">Liz to talk to SAC about walkie-talkies</li>
			</ul></li>
		</ul></li>

		<li><h4>Stalls and Sales</h4>
		<ul>
			<li>Booksellers have been emailed
			<ul>
				<li>Selling author books on from publishers isn't worth it</li>
				<li>Ask booksellers to stock them instead</li>
				<li class="action">Cameron to look into parking for sellers</li>
				<li class="action">Liz to Contact Eastercon, contact ZZ9 offering a table.</li>
				<li class="action">Joakim to get Wargames/Magic to do something</li>
			</ul></li>
		</ul>
<span class="entrance">Dave McBride enters at 18:26.</span>
		<ul>
			<li>Beer was too expensive, not worth it
			<ul>
				<li>Can not undercut the union and make a profit realistically</li>
				<li class="motion passed">To not sell beer, all in favour</li>
			</ul></li>
			<li>Try and make the Union sell food from 12nn
			<ul>
				<li>Poke Larissa</li>
			</ul></li>
		</ul>
<span class="entrance">Dave Clements enters at 18:33.</span>
		<ul>
			<li>T-shirts
			<ul>
				<li>Fewer black medium</li>
				<li>Slightly fewer Black XL</li>
				<li>White sold well</li>
			</ul></li>
		</ul></li>

		<li><h4>Rooms</h4>
		<ul>
			<li>LAN will be in Activity Space 1, as no power in Metric</li>
			<li>Metric is only available until 5pm
			<ul>
				<li>Having it later much more complicated</li>
				<li>As LAN upstairs, just matter of getting the seller out, and tidying</li>
				<li>Organise clean-up squad
				<ul>
					<li>Benedict offered to oversee and part of front-desk stuff</li>
				</ul></li>
				<li class="action">Liz to tell bookers when they need to leave</li>
				<li class="action">Liz and Semidave to look into LARP gear sellers</li>
			</ul></li>
			<li>Hire the union bar for the Quiz?</li>
		</ul></li>

		<li><h4>Events</h4>
		<ul>
			<li><h5>Turkey Readings</h5>
			<ul>
				<li>Star Wars Holiday Special
				<ul>
					<li class="action">Benedict to check it is playable</li>
				</ul></li>
			</ul></li>

			<li><h5>DODM</h5>
			<ul>
				<li>Boff showed us some fun items</li>
				<li class="action">Chris to secure liquid nitrogen</li>
				<li class="action">Liz to ask Steve to run DODM</li>
			</ul></li>

			<li><h5>Quiz</h5>
			<ul>
				<li>Peter is Mr. Quiz</li>
				<li class="action">Chris to write quiz</li>
				<li class="action">Cameron to do book section of quiz</li>
			</ul></li>

			<li><h5>Scavenger Hunt</h5>
			<ul>
				<li>We need more/new plastic soldiers</li>
				<li>Need to keep them out of LT1</li>
				<li>All outdoors?</li>
			</ul></li>
		</ul></li>

		<li><h4>LAN</h4>
		<ul>
			<li>Activity Space 1 has more space
			<ul>
				<li>Attempt to get more machines (12 total)</li>
				<li>Possible games included Defcon, UT</li>
				<li class="action">Semidave to look into more PCs for LAN</li>
				<li class="action">Semidave to try for Defcon keys and a prize</li>
				<li class="action">Semidave to look into Projector Games</li>
			</ul></li>
			<li>Steam is not a viable option. Remember this</li>
			<li class="action">SemiDave, Ben, and Mark to figure out deployment</li>
		</ul></li>

		<li><h4>Publicity</h4>
		<ul>
			<li class="action">Semidave to advertise at Rock Paper Shotgun meet (21/1)</li>
			<li class="action">Semidave to get attempt to get us on BoingBoing etc.</li>
			<li class="action">Joseph, Semidave, Liz to organise posters/flyers</li>
			<li class="action">Liz to attend or minion for BSFA (26/1), Tun (3/2)</li>
		</ul></li>
	</ul>

	<h3>Any Other Business</h3>
	<ul>
		<li>Benedict: Put things on wiki. Plz?</li>
		<li>There was much coordination fail on the DVD/Sound system
		<ul>
			<li class="action">Cameron to give data to Liz</li>
			<li class="action">Liz to then but player</li>
			<li class="action">Benedict to make sure this happens</li>
		</ul></li>
		<li>The next meeting will be on Thursday 27th Jan</li>
	</ul>

<span class="closed">Meeting closed at 19:25.</span>

</td>
</tr>
</table>
</body>
</html>
