<!DOCTYPE html>
<!--Piccon Sub-Committee-->
<!--2011-01-27-->
<!---->
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
	<title>Minutes of Picocon Sub-committee Meeting, 27/1/11</title>
	<meta name="Description" content="icsf (Imperial College Union Science Fiction, Fantasy and Horror Society) Website" />
 	<meta name="Reply-to" content="icsf@ic.ac.uk" />
	<link type="text/css" rel="stylesheet" href="/scc/icsf/resources/style.css" />
	<link type="text/css" rel="stylesheet" href="/scc/icsf/resources/minutes.css" />

</head>
<body class="bodyMedium">
<table width="95%" cellpadding="4" class="bodyDark" align="center">
<tr>
<td class="bodyLight">

<div class="actions">
	<h3>Actions & Motions</h3>
	<ul>
		<li class="action">Liz to email Courtney and check everything is on track</li>
		<li class="action">Ben to email Courtney past Picocon Wyrms and Liz past Sofa spots for reference</li>
		<li class="action">Ben and Ethel to get the past wyrms and faniznes actually accessible</li>
		<li class="action">Fluffy Alex to be aware of this</li>
		<li class="action">Liz to organise this, or find an alternative</li>
		<li class="action">Dave to make this so, and to check what kit they supply</li>
		<li class="action">Benedict and SemiDave to find out how to acquires projectors and screens</li>
		<li class="action">Liz to contact ZZ9 about stall space</li>
		<li class="action">Cameron to check with Peter this has happened.</li>
		<li class="action">Liz to add the email address etc. to her hand over package</li>
		<li class="action">Liz to ask Cat if she'd like to do the art</li>
		<li class="action">Lucy to not throw out the chalk.</li>
		<li class="action">Benedict to check the Ewok adventures</li>
		<li class="action">Liz to try and get Activity Space 1 until 7pm</li>
		<li class="action">Ben to minion peoples</li>
		<li class="action">Liz to contact EasterCon, WarGames, ZZ9</li>
		<li class="action">Chris to organise liquid nitrogen</li>
		<li class="action">SemiDave / Benedict to dig out last year's list</li>
		<li class="action">Benedict / Cameron to Steam Punk it up</li>
		<li class="action">Ethel &amp; SemiDave to print things to Joseph and Liz's orders</li>
		<li class="action">SemiDave, Ethel to make it updated.</li>
		<li class="action">Liz to get DODM hammer, tongs</li>
	</ul>
</div>

<h2>Minutes of Picocon Sub-committee Meeting, 27/1/10</h2>
<span class="opened">Meeting opened at 19:56pm.</span>

	<h3>Present</h3>
	<div class="peoples">Rebecca Clark (Picocon Sofa)
	Wouter van der Beurgh (Chair of Vice)
	Benedict Harcourt (Picocon Beanbag)
	Ethel Bardsley (Tech Preist)
	Alex Cameron
	David McBride
	Alex Savell</div>

	<h3>Apolgies</h3>
	<div class="peoples">Chris Hutchinson (Chairentity)
	Lucy McGregor (Librarian)
	Joakim Scharp (Secretary)
	Joseph Britton (Publicity Officer)
	Gabriel Carpenter (Treasurer)</div>

	<h3>Matters Arising</h3>
	<ul>
		<li>No formal bitching about Joakim's minute taking happened</li>
		<li>Holding a meeting in a pub is logistical nightmare</li>
	</ul>

	<h3>Picocon Wyrmtounge</h3>
	<ul>
		<li>There has been no organisation of this on our end. However, Courtney has been putting out emails for pieces
		<ul>
			<li>Courtney's diligence was recognised</li>
			<li class="action">Liz to email Courtney and check everything is on track</li>
			<li class="action">Ben to email Courtney past Picocon Wyrms and Liz past Sofa spots for reference</li>
			<li class="action">Ben and Ethel to get the past wyrms and faniznes actually accessible</li>
		</ul></li>
	</ul>

	<h3>Picocon Minions</h3>
	<ul>
		<li><h4>LT1 MC</h4>
		<ul>
			<li>Alex Savell has been made responsible for the smooth running of LT1 on the day</li>
			<li>He may delegate the responsibility, but will be accountable</li>
			<li class="action">Fluffy Alex to be aware of this</li>
		</ul></li>
		<li><h4>Silly Games</h4>
		<ul>
			<li>The von Clemence Chairing would be excellent</li>
			<li>He is somewhat aware, but his participation was on some condition</li>
			<li class="action">Liz to organise this, or find an alternative</li>
			<li>We have plenty of potential panellists (Liz, Peter, Cameron, A!Dave)</li>
		</ul></li>
		<li>Blackett Door monkeys will be found at a later date</li>
		<li><h4>LAN</h4>
		<ul>
			<li>Ethel Will be assisting SemiDave in LAN organisation and control</li>
		</ul></li>
	</ul>
<span class="exit">Wouter leaves for the bar at 20:10</span>
	<ul>
		<li><h4>LAN (Continued)</h4><ul>
			<li>LAN setup will be fine with just two people</li>
			<li>Benedict &amp; SemiDave looked at power port positions today, and have considered this lighting issues</li>
			<li>We may get Projector Games along (fingers crossed)
			<ul>
				<li class="action">Dave to make this so, and to check what kit they supply</li>
				<li class="action">Benedict and SemiDave to find out how to acquires projectors and screens</li>
			</ul></li>
		</ul></li>
	</ul>
<span class="entrance">Wouter returns at 20:14</span>
<span class="exit">SemiDave leaves at 20:15</span>
	<ul>
		<li>Benedict will be in charge of the front desk / metric. He should however minion people, the fool...</li>
		<li>Carry monkeys will be arranged closer to the time</li>
	</ul>

	<h3>Rooms</h3>
	<ul>
		<li>The bar is booked</li>
		<li>Wagamamas is booked for 12 at 20:15. This leaves some room for extras</li>
		<li class="action">Liz to contact ZZ9 about stall space</li>
	</ul>

	<h3>T Shirts</h3>
	<ul>
		<li>It is believed the order has gone</li>
		<li class="action">Cameron to check with Peter this has happened.</li>
	</ul>

	<h3>Quiz</h3>
	<ul>
		<li>Cameron has done his section</li>
		<li>Liz reserves the right of executive judgement over the quiz</li>
	</ul>
<span class="entrance">SemiDave returns at 20:20</span>
	<ul>
		<li>SemiDave volunteers to volunteer questions</li>
	</ul>

	<h3>Publicity Events</h3>
	<ul>
		<li>The BSFA was attended
		<ul>
			<li>The beardies are excited about the booking of the bar</li>
			<li>SemiDave and Cameron meet Charlie Stross and got Badges</li>
		</ul></li>
		<li>The TUN will be attended</li>
		<li>We also found a potential future guest - Frances Hordinge
		<ul>
			<li class="action">Liz to add the email address etc. to her hand over package</li>
			<li>Ben notes that putting on this wiki might be, you know, nice...</li>
			<li>For reference, the wiki is at <a href="http://icsflibsrv.su.ic.ac.uk/wiki/">http://icsflibsrv.su.ic.ac.uk/wiki/</a>, available only in the Imperial Network</li>
		</ul></li>
	</ul>

	<h3>Houses</h3>
	<ul>
		<li>SemiDave proposed 'Cogs', 'Tophats', and 'Zeppelins'.
		<ul>
			<li>This was most approved</li>
			<li class="action">Liz to ask Cat if she'd like to do the art</li>
			<li>There was a discussion of the origin of top haps. It was not to be minuted</li>
		</ul></li>
	</ul>

	<h3>Setup Stuff</h3>
	<ul>
		<li>Benedict will do a Sainsbury's run for setup food the night before, as he lives so damn close
		<ul>
			<li>A provisional budget of Â£45 has been set forward for higher approval</li>
		</ul></li>
		<li>Chalk needs to be found
		<ul>
			<li class="action">Lucy to not throw out the chalk.</li>
		</ul></li>
	</ul>

	<h3>Turkey Readings</h3>
	<ul>
		<li>Benedict reports that the Holiday Special is watchable, although of low video quality
		<ul>
			<li class="action">Benedict to check the Ewok adventures
			<ul>
				<li>He has since done so, they are of much higher video quality</li>
				<li>He would like it to be noted that he believes he has now seen every Star Wars film.</li>
			</ul></li>
		</ul></li>
		<li>It was decided it is too soon to use the Carrot of Doom again</li>
		<li>Anal PLANet, a Gor book, and Satan Skin (reserve) have been suggested as books</li>
		<li>It is noted that Steve reading Gor might require a update of our Risk Assessment to include people attempting to claw their own eyes out.</li>
	</ul>

	<h3>Clean Up</h3>
	<ul>
		<li>Clean up will be on a rolling basis.</li>
		<li>A team will be lead by Benedict, with the front desk closing for registration around 4</li>
		<li>LT1 Will be cleaned at the conclusion of the last event there. Car needs to be taken</li>
		<li class="action">Liz to try and get Activity Space 1 until 7pm</li>
		<li>If this is possible, Metric clearance can be done such that we finish at 6pm. This gives sellers extra time</li>
		<li>Otherwise, begin Metric clear at 5 so as not to have too many groups trying to use the trolley</li>
		<li>LAN last-call is also at 5ish. The machines should be about ready to go when the clean up team gets the trolley back</li>
		<li>This should allow most of the LAN and cleanup team to go to the quiz.</li>
		<li>Cleanup team should attempt to have 5 people at it's disposal</li>
		<li class="action">Ben to minion peoples</li>
	</ul>

	<h3>Actions carried forwarded randomly remembered at this point</h3>
	<ul>
		<li class="action">Liz to contact EasterCon, WarGames, ZZ9</li>
		<li class="action">Chris to organise liquid nitrogen</li>
	</ul>

	<h3>Scavenger Hunt</h3>
	<ul>
		<li class="action">SemiDave / Benedict to dig out last year's list</li>
		<li class="action">Benedict / Cameron to Steam Punk it up</li>
		<li>No plastic soldiers outside Beit</li>
	</ul>

	<h3>Panel</h3>
	<ul>
		<li>Question Ideas (wording may need work)
		<ul>
			<li>Steampunk: Fantastic or Silly (/ Good or Stupid / other variations)</li>
			<li>Do you find people reading more into your work than is there complementary, offensive, and what funny stories have come out of it</li>
			<li style="text-decoration: line-through;">Fluffy's Superliminal Pensis</li>
		</ul></li>
		<li>The titles should be sent to the author's before time, once they are decided</li>
	</ul>

	<h3>Flyers and Posters</h3>
	<ul>
		<li>The SAC printer is broken</li>
		<li>However, the flyer is going down well</li>
		<li>DOC essentially have free printing - sharing it out amongst them will not be a problem</li>
		<li class="action">Ethel &amp; SemiDave to print things to Joseph and Liz's orders</li>
	</ul>

	<h3>Webpage</h3>
	<ul>
		<li>Up and working</li>
		<li>Can now add defcon + prize</li>
		<li>Have renewed permission for the DODM image</li>
		<li class="action">SemiDave, Ethel to make it updated.</li>
	</ul>

	<h3>Any Other Business</h3>
	<ul>
		<li class="action">Liz to get DODM hammer, tongs</li>
		<li>Picocon budget to be discussed at next committee meeting</li>
	</ul>

<span class="closed">Meeting closed at 20:48</span>

</td>
</tr>
</table>
</body>
</html>
