<!DOCTYPE html>
<!--ICSF Committee-->
<!--2011-02-10-->
<!--Pre-Picocon Pre-Panic-->
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
	<title>Minutes of ICSF Committee Meeting, 10/02/11</title>
	<meta name="Description" content="icsf (Imperial College Union Science Fiction, Fantasy and Horror Society) Website" />
 	<meta name="Reply-to" content="icsf@ic.ac.uk" />
	<link type="text/css" rel="stylesheet" href="/scc/icsf/resources/style.css" />
	<link type="text/css" rel="stylesheet" href="/scc/icsf/resources/minutes.css" />

</head>
<body class="bodyMedium">
<table width="95%" cellpadding="4" class="bodyDark" align="center">
<tr>
<td class="bodyLight">

<div class="actions">
	<h3>Actions & Motions</h3>
	<ul>
        <li class="action">Snorlax to send email to list calling AGM 3 weeks from now and book room for it</li>
        <li class="action">Benedict to send Gabriel contingency claim stuff</li>
        <li class="action">Gabriel to handle congingency claim</li>
        <li class="action">Benedict to send out the new constitution so the committee can approve it before the AGM</li>
        <li class="action">Joseph to get A3 posters of SemiDave</li>
        <li class="action">Joseph to put said posters up</li>
        <li class="action">Cameron to make sure they know the pub is booked when you check up on parking slots</li>
        <li class="action">SemiDave to finish ZZ9 ad</li>
        <li class="action">Chris to write Chair's piece for Picocon Wyrm</li>
        <li class="action">Quizzers to make it be finished</li>
        <li class="action">Liz to get whiteboard for house scoring</li>
        <li class="action">Joseph to get sticker material</li>
        <li class="action">Liz to get walkie talkies sorted</li>
        <li class="action">Liz to get RAG buckets</li>
        <li class="action">Liz to talk to that society</li>
        <li class="action">Ben to arrange volunteers for Picocon</li>
        <li class="action">Chris to make sure liquid nitrogen</li>
	</ul>
</div>

<h2>Minutes of ICSF Committee Meeting, 10/2/10</h2>
<span class="opened">Meeting opened at 18:01.</span>

	<h3>Present</h3>
	<div class="peoples">
	Chris Hutchinson (Chairentity)
	Wouter van der Beurgh (Chair of Vice)
	Joakim Scharp (Secretary)
    Gabriel Carpenter (Treasurer)
    Rebecca Clark (Picocon Sofa)
	Ethel Bardsley (Tech Preist)
	Joseph Britton (Publicity Officer)
	Alex Cameron
	David McBride
    Peter Mabbot
	Joe Slade
    Nathan</div>

	<h3>Apolgies</h3>
	<div class="peoples">Lucy McGregor (Librarian)</div>

<span class="entrance">Benedict enters at 18:01</span>

	<h3>Chair of Vice Report</h3>
	<ul>
        <li>Hay on Wye not yet destroyed by martians</li>
        <li>Cinemasoc have not responded on Princess bride joint showing, so event on 14th is go</li>
        <li>No barnights the last two or coming two weeks due to picocon, will continue afterwards</li>
        <li>Barnight + AGM combo</li>
        <li>Chris: also I want to call the AGM, it is officially so</li>
        <li class="action">Snorlax to send email to list calling AGM 3 weeks from now and book room for it</li>
	</ul>

	<h3>Treasurer Report</h3>
	<ul>
        <li>All of our grant is spent</li>
        <li>Steam cleaner is being hired to clean the carpets after floods etc</li>
        <li class="action">Benedict to send Gabriel contingency claim stuff</li>
        <li class="action">Gabriel to handle congingency claim</li>
	</ul>

	<h3>Treasurer Report</h3>
    <ul>
        <li>Picocon website is up</li>
        <li>The filesystem on the computer has been organized, keep it that way</li>
        <li>The constitution has been dug up as a result</li>
        <li class="action">Benedict to send out the new constitution so the committee can approve it before the AGM</li>
    </ul>

    <h3>Picocon Publicity</h3>
    <ul>
        <li class="action">Joseph to get A3 posters of SemiDave</li>
        <li class="action">Joseph to put said posters up</li>
    </ul>

    <h3>Picocon Miscellany</h3>
    <ul>
        <li>The Union Bar has been booked</li>
        <li>Bringing in more seading may be a fire hazard, check with staff</li>
        <li>Parking is mostly sorted, except for the handicap access one</li>
        <li class="action">Cameron to make sure they know the pub is booked when you check up on parking slots</li>
        <li class="action">SemiDave to finish ZZ9 ad</li>
        <li class="action">Chris to write Chair's piece for Picocon Wyrm</li>
    </ul>

    <h3>Picocon DoDM</h3>
    <ul>
        <li>Zoom 'n' Go Hulk - yes</li>
        <li>Postman Pat transformer - no</li>
        <li>Ewoks: The Battle for Endor - yes</li>
	</ul>
<span class="entrance">Amanda enters at 18:16</span>
<span class="entrance">Jonathan enters at 18:17</span>
	<ul>
        <li>Home Alone 2 for the NES - yes</li>
        <li>Star Trek Voyager mutant with offspring - yes</li>
        <li>IKEA racist Autobot - yes (good side show of putting it together</li>
        <li>Power Armor Batman - yes</li>
    </ul>

<span class="exit">Amanda and Jonathan leave at 18:25</span>

    <h3>More Picocon Miscellany</h3>
    <ul>
        <li>Liz wants the quiz ASAP</li>
        <li>Chris, Peter and Cameron have been working on it</li>
        <li class="action">Quizzers to make it be finished</li>
        <li>People went to the Tun, all went happy and was made public</li>
        <li>Houses arranged: Cogs, Tophats and Zeppelins</li>
        <li class="action">Liz to get whiteboard for house scoring</li>
        <li class="action">Joseph to get sticker material</li>
    </ul>

    <h3>Picocon LAN</h3>
    <ul>
        <li>The games will be UT2k4 and Defcon</li>
        <li>Introversion have once again given us prizes, 3 in nice tin boxes</li>
        <li>They also gave us 6 Defcon keys that belong to the society for future Picocons</li>
        <li>Projector games will come, all has been arranged for hosting them</li>
        <li class="action">Liz to get walkie talkies sorted</li>
    </ul>

    <h3>Picocon LAN</h3>
    <ul>
        <li>Viewing: Ewoks Battle for Endor</li>
        <li>Reading: Voyager in Bondage</li>
        <li>The Eye of Argon</li>
        <li>Any given Gor book</li>
    </ul>

    <h3></h3>
    <ul>
        <li>We have float arrangements for change</li>
        <li class="action">Liz to get RAG buckets</li>
        <li class="action">Ben to arrange volunteers for Picocon</li>
        <li class="action">Chris to make sure liquid nitrogen</li>
        <li>Liz has sorted boltcutters and mallet</li>
        <li>Treasure Hunt soldiers not to be placed outside the Quad</li>
        <li>Panel questions are sorted, authors seem to think they're OK</li>
        <li class="action">Liz to talk to that society</li>
	</ul>
<span class="exit">Gabriel leaves at 18:50</span>
	<ul>
        <li>Timetable is being sorted</li>
        <li>Benedict's spending of Â£45 for food is approved</li>
    </ul>


<span class="closed">Meeting closed at 18:55</span>

</td>
</tr>
</table>
</body>
</html>
