<!DOCTYPE html>
<!--ICSF Committee-->
<!--2010-10-28-->
<!---->
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
	<title>Minutes of ICSF Committee Meeting, 28/10/10</title>
	<meta name="Description" content="icsf (Imperial College Union Science Fiction, Fantasy and Horror Society) Website" />
 	<meta name="Reply-to" content="icsf@ic.ac.uk" />
	<link type="text/css" rel="stylesheet" href="/scc/icsf/resources/style.css" />
	<link type="text/css" rel="stylesheet" href="/scc/icsf/resources/minutes.css" />

</head>
<body class="bodyMedium">
<table width="95%" cellpadding="4" class="bodyDark" align="center">
<tr>
<td class="bodyLight">

<div class="actions">
	<h3>Actions & Motions</h3>
	<ul>
		<li class="action">Wouter to check on CinemaSoc for cooperation regarding Rocky Horror (or similar) after AGM</li>
		<li class="action">Chris to send Hay-on-Wye info to Gabriel</li>
		<li class="action">Gabriel to sort deposit out</li>
		<li class="action">Cameron to send info to list regarding DVD/bluray player and new chairs</li>
		<li class="action">Lucy and Joakim to check in on writers workshop with authors, possible from Picocon</li>
		<li class="action">Benedict to find out when is a good time to run closed beta feedback session for the database</li>
		<li class="action">Ethel to make sure all relevant emails are properly rerouted by SAC</li>
		<li class="action">Joakim to fix keylist</li>
	</ul>
	<ul>
		<li class="motion passed">To switch back to the old database, all in favor</li>
		<li class="motion passed">To move books around, all in favor</li>
	</ul>
</div>

<h2>Minutes of ICSF Committee Meeting, 28/10/10</h2>

<span class="opened">Meeting opened at 18:00pm.</span>

	<h3>Present</h3>
	<div class="peoples">Chris Hutchison (Chairentity),
	Joakim Scharp (Secretary),
	Gabriel Carpenter (Treasurer),
	Wouter van den Bergh (Chair of Vice),
	Lucy McGregor (Librarian),
	Ethel Bardsley (Web Editor),
	Alex Cameron,
	Zach Smith,
	Peter Mabbott</div>

	<h3>Apolgies</h3>
	<div class="peoples">Rebecca Clark (Picocon Sofa)</div>

	<h3>CinemaSoc</h3>
	<ul>
		<li>Inception went well</li>
		<li>Chris: "Should we do another joint showing?"(Matrix, Rocky Horror, other)</li>
		<li>Fluffy: "Rocky Horror destroys AGM"</li>
	</ul>

	<h3>Database</h3>
	<ul>
		<li>People should be less mean to Benedict</li>
		<li>We should have a feedback meeting before much further development</li>
	</ul>

	<h3>Treasurer's Report</h3>
	<ul>
		<li>Gabriel makes claims to competence, is greeted with doubtful looks.</li>
		<li>Money is "fine", spending more on books is not an issue</li>
		<li>College will however cut money to the union resulting in lesser grants next year.</li>
		<li>Cameron has spoken to some union tresurer, societies will "get the money they need to operate"</li>
		<li>Do we need/should we have insurance for TV? (no, thats what contingency claims are for)</li>
	</ul>

<span class="entrance">Joe enters at 18:15</span>

	<h3>Hay-on-Wye</h3>
	<ul>
		<li>Hay-on-Wye needs 100 monies in deposit before the year is over, some other group of people are trying to steal our slots</li>
		<li>When to run Hay-on-Wye? one weeks screws over bio freshers (all 0 of them) another screws over other freshers who are moving out of halls (significantly more)</li>
		<li>Who is going to drive?</li>
		<li>Bunkhouse is &pound;12 per person and night, &pound;260 minimum</li>
		<li>The limiting factor is the minivan, not the number of beds. If there are cars involved things may be different</li>
	</ul>

	<h3>Librarian's Report</h3>
	<ul>
		<li>Is happy to spend money</li>
		<li>Request list is very long, will take some time to go through</li>
		<li>~&pound;100 spent as of yet</li>
		<li>Bookcrawl had decent fresher turnout, 8 people in total</li>
	</ul>

	<h3>Library</h3>
	<ul>
		<li>KILL THE DR. WHO BOOKS (actually, just move them around to expand oversize and other sections of the library)</li>
		<li>New chairs should be got, should infact have been got last year, fail</li>
		<li>Also, TV does HD, DVD player does not, new DVD (blueray) player should be aquired</li>
	</ul>

	<h3>Picocon</h3>
	<ul>
		<li>No-one from picocon subcommittee was present, moving on</li>
	</ul>

	<h4>Capitalism</h4>
	<ul>
		<li>Gabriel has news regarding investment competition for large monies, does anyone have the time/effort to enter?</li>
		<li>Gabriel to look into it a bit more and have better specifics</li>
	</ul>

<span class="entrance">Benedict, Quaker Lucy enter at 18:15</span>

	<h3>Writers' Workshop</h3>
	<ul>
		<li>Good idea</li>
		<li>In spring term?</li>
		<li>Advertise at picocon?</li>
		<li>Ask Dave Clements about a good author or try to use picocon author?</li>
	</ul>

<span class="entrance">Hok enters at 20:57.</span>
<span class="closed">Meeting adjourned at 20:58.</span>

</td>
</tr>
</table>
</body>
</html>
