<!DOCTYPE html>
<!--ICSF-->
<!--Fri 17 Mar 2017 18:18:00 +0000-->
<!--Annual General Meeting-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" lang="en" xml:lang="en" dir="ltr">
	<head>
		<!--include "stubs/headers.html"-->
		<title>Minutes - ICSF</title>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/resources/minutes.css" />
	</head>
	<body>
		<!--include "stubs/h1-start.html"-->
			Minutes
		<!--include "stubs/h1-end.html"-->

		<nav>
			<!--include "stubs/nav-main.html"-->
			<hr />
			<a href="<!--SRVROOT-->/committee/minutes/">Meetings</a>
			<a href="<!--SRVROOT-->/committee/#constitution">Constitution</a>
		</nav>

	<div style="position: relative;">
		<h2>Minutes of the annual general meeting of the ICSF, 17th March 2017</h2>
		<p class="opened">Meeting Opened at 18:18</p>


		<h3>Present</h3>
		<div class="peoples">Henry Wild (Chair)
Elizabeth Windo (Picocon Sofa)
Edward Da Fonseca (Picocon Beanbag)
Charlmane Lun (Treasurer)
Katherine Read (Secretary)
Amelia Owens (Librarian)
Jian Li Chew (Publicity Officer)
Anurag Deshpande
Sai Pandian
Enda Mulville
Kai Lawrence
Eliza Karlowska
Matthew Last
Matthew Legg
Tim Davison
Bruno Emerick
Peter Dawson
Chris Hutchison

</div>
		<h3>Apologies</h3>
		<div class="peoples">
Saad Ahmed (Chair of Vice)
Henry Leventhorpe (Tech Priest)
Robin Thomas (Wyrmtongue Editor)
</div>


		<h3 class="count">Approval of minutes from 2016 EGM</h3>
		<ul>
		<li>Minutes approved</li>
		</ul>
		<h3 class="count">Reports from the 2016/17 Executive Committee</h3>
		<ul>
		<li>Chair Entity's report: </li>
		<li>Chair Entity’s report:</li>
<li>It’s been a good year with a good turnout.</li>
<li>There were issues at the beginning of the year regarding positions on the committee, but these were resolved early on.</li>
<li>Not much to comment on – it’s been a good year!</li>
<li>Chair of Vice’s report:</li>
<li>Anurag will be reading out Saad’s report.</li>
<li><li>Irish accent requested for Anurag’s reading.</li></li>
<li>Lots of events have happened and events are still planned, like the collab with anime this Monday.</li>
<li>The regular Halloween and Christmas nights went well.</li>
<li>There have been lots of marathons and cinema trips.</li>
<li>Started Themed Fridays as a replacement for Friday viewings.</li>
<li>If he could do one thing differently, it would be more publicity and to plan further ahead to reach more people.</li>
<li>He would do it again in a heartbeat. Though probably not.</li>
<li>Picocon Sofa’s report:</li>
<li>Picocon happened, people turned up, it was good.</li>
<li>The main issues were rooms being moved on short notice by the Union.</li>
<li>Everything kind of worked out in the end, although DODM was sorted by the grace of McKenney, not by actual work.</li>
<li>There were slight timetabling issues, but things worked out in the end.</li>
<li>For further details, see minutes from the Picocon Subcommittee.</li>
<li>Note for the future tech priest from Beth: things are less broken than when the year started.</li>
<li>Librarian’s report:</li>
<li>The library was good this year.</li>
<li>Sorted out some space issues by replacing videos with DVDs, and there was a clear out.</li>
<li>Nothing vital got thrown out.</li>
<li>Made friends with Forbidden Planet, who now give us money off books.</li>
<li>Treasurer’s report:</li>
<li>We took in quite a bit from Picocon, and got a bigger budget from the Union.</li>
<li>No money has been allocated specifically for publicity, but we have got more money for guests for Picocon.</li>
<li>The bank balance is good, we took in just under £1000 for Picocon.</li>
<li>We will now be capping how much we subsidise cinema trips, after Dr Strange was very popular and over-subsidised.</li>
<li>The bank balance stands at approximately £1600.</li>
		</ul>
<h3 class="count">Election of new committee for 2017/18</h3>
		<ul>
<li>Anurag Deshpande will act as Returning Officer.</li>
<li>No formal nominations were made before the meeting; nominations will be taken from the floor.</li>
<li>The position of RON will be represented by Miranda.</li>
<li>Voting will be done by Multi-Ballot Anti-Voting (MBAV) method. The Union requires that elections must be done by Single Transferable Vote (STV) if an objection to the alternative method is made. Those present were asked if there were any objections and none were received.</li>
		</ul>
		<h3 class="count">Election of Publicity Officer</h3>
		<ul>
<li>Connor Winzar stands.</li>
<li>Miranda stands.</li>
<li>Speeches:</li>
<li>Connor: Main objective is to increase the general understanding of what sci-fi, as people normally know little to nothing, don’t even know we’re in the West Basement. Wants to make sure we’re a well known, prominent society in Imperial. Additional feature could be to create a secondary union for sci-fi across the other London-based unis to help increase Picocon revenue, interest and the spread of sci-fi. Publicity is something sci-fi is in dire need of.</li>
<li>Miranda: The amount of publicity is perfectly acceptable. The less people know we exist, the more easily we can destroy them.</li>
<li>Questions:</li>
<li>How do you plan on increasing publicity?</li>
<li>Connor: Go to each union in London, and create a Facebook group and talk to each president of each sci-fi society, establish what Picocon is and provide a form of representation of sci-fi. Within Imperial, more flyering within the rules of the Union. Go out and spread word. Potentially have an article or advert in Felix.</li>
<li>Miranda: Will also meet with all chairs and members of every sci-fi society in London and “make friends” with them.</li>
<li>What are your opinions on centrefolds?</li>
<li>Connor: Would gladly appear in one.</li>
<li>Miranda: “I don’t think you’d like me to open my housing.”</li>
<li>Are you familiar with the Union’s rules on posters?</li>
<li>Connor: Will become familiar.</li>
<li>Miranda: No.</li>
<li>Any ideas on how to continue successfully getting freshers instead of having sporadic bursts?</li>
<li>Connor: Not sure how to have an explosion of freshers, but it would help to have a stronger and more established presence at Freshers’ Fair, maybe more tours of the library.</li>
<li>Miranda: Exploding freshers.</li>
<li>Are you running for any other positions, and if so, will you be able to juggle both?</li>
<li>Connor: Also a member of Krav Maga, will be Vice President. Will be able to manage roles well, main role will be publicity there as well, will help to get better and better.</li>
<li>Miranda: “I don’t believe Emperor of All Humans is a Union position.”</li>
<li>Elections:</li>
<li>1st round: Miranda eliminated.</li>
<li>Connor Winzar elected as Publicity Officer.</li>
<li></li>
		</ul>
		<h3 class="count">Election of Tech Priest</h3>
		<ul>
<li>Tim Davison stands.</li>
<li>Miranda stands.</li>
<li>Speeches:</li>
<li>Tim: Been working on computers and with computers for ages. Studying engineering, so he’s fairly good and only going to get better. Likes computers. Will make sure nothing breaks too badly.</li>
<li>Miranda: “Are you familiar with the Dalek operating system? It’s the most advanced thing on earth; why do you think they call it a DDoS?”</li>
<li>Questions:</li>
<li>What’s your favourite operating system?</li>
<li>Tim: Only ever used Windows so far, but learning UNIX, will get more into it.</li>
<li>Miranda: Dalek Dalek will overthrow Sapiens.</li>
<li>What will you do about the sci-fi server?</li>
<li>Tim: Happy with it.</li>
<li>Miranda: No strong feelings one way or the other.</li>
<li>How do you feel about the mailing list issues that lead to accidental emails being sent responding to an event? Do you advocate freedom for all in the mailing list or aggressive authority?</li>
<li>Miranda: “You may be familiar with ruling with an iron fist. Have you ever heard of ruling with an iron plunger?”</li>
<li>Tim: Hasn’t really heard much about it.</li>
<li>Are you familiar with where the database comes from, how it was modified, and who you’d need to talk to if it breaks and you can’t fix it?</li>
<li>Tim: No, but will find out if elected.</li>
<li>What, if any, experience do you have with web development, and how keen are you to google problems?</li>
<li>Miranda: Does not google. Google googles Miranda. Sorry, Google mirandas Miranda.</li>
<li>Tim: No experience yet, but pretty confident in ability to learn, and pretty keen on googling.</li>
<li>Elections:</li>
<li>1st round: Miranda eliminated.</li>
<li>Tim Davison elected as Tech Priest.</li>
		</ul>
			<h3 class="count">Election of Chair Entity</h3>
		<ul>
<li>Henry Wild stands.</li>
<li>Peter Dawson stands.</li>
<li>Charlmane Lun stands.</li>
<li>Amelia Owens stands.</li>
<li>Miranda stands.</li>
<li>Speeches:</li>
<li>Peter: Been part of the society for four years, on committee for two years as Picocon Beanbag and Chair of Vice. Feels he did a good job back then. In the past year, he has been giving a helping hand. Experienced enough to take on the role.</li>
<li>Henry: Current Chair, running again this year because he fell into it this year, as he originally ran for Chair of Vice. Wants to do it properly from the beginning. Has experience as current Chair, and confident in ability. Has been in various other roles for assorted other societies – Tabletop, Mentality and Gaming.</li>
<li>Amelia: Current Librarian, thinks she’s done a reasonable job. Chair of Bake Soc this year, lots of experience communicating with the Union. Has been a member for three years and on committee for two. Not going to live in Zone 9 next year, will actually be here.</li>
<li>Charlmane: Current Treasurer, member for three years and committee for one. Wants to expand committee and work with Connor on publicity to find more people to join. Also in Knit Soc, so has a bit of experience working with the Union.</li>
<li>Miranda: Was here before time, is the start of all things, the alpha and the omega. “You have no choice but to vote for me.”</li>
<li>Questions:</li>
<li>What do candidates feel is their defining feature that separates them from the others – their big idea?</li>
<li>Peter: Experience – he’s been here a long time. Strongly agree with publicity, should boost that as not many new people come to our stall at Freshers’ Fair. Also good experience with events.</li>
<li>Miranda: Laser weaponry and mind control.</li>
<li>Henry: Experience as current Chair, experience from other committees. Enthusiasm. Already been communicating with the Union over West Basement user groups and admin. Also wants to focus on publicity.</li>
<li>Amelia: Wore a suit to AGM. Wants to sort out relationships with the older members and attract newer members, make some of our history more accessible to new members.</li>
<li>Charlmane: Extend the membership, as sci-fi right now is quite niche but people are interested when they find out about it.</li>
<li>In the current climate of people getting Netflix, not really needing DVDs and downloading books online, how do candidates think they can make sci-fi relevant to the current fresher?</li>
<li>Peter: Can watch what we have available here that’s not on Netflix.</li>
<li>Charlmane: The main attraction is the social space, other societies don’t have that and Imperial doesn’t have a common room. It’s more about watching with other people.</li>
<li>Henry: Social space is key, and freshers moving forward will still want physical books. We have older books too.</li>
<li>Amelia: We have the DVDs, some people still don’t have Netflix and we can help them with that. It’s now more relevant to watch things with people and have an immediate reaction on social media; can get that with the society, and have marathons and get a buzz.</li>
<li>Miranda: Where else can you get Miranda’s rocking abs?</li>
<li>What committee positions next year have you applied or been accepted to?</li>
<li>Henry: Will be RCSU Welfare Officer, but no others and doesn’t think it will cause problems.</li>
<li>Miranda: Refer to previous answer.</li>
<li>Peter: This would be the only role.</li>
<li>Amelia: Will have a minor role in Baking or Artison Society, but had these roles this year and hasn’t impacted on work as Librarian.</li>
<li>Charlmane: Treasurer of Knit Soc, but it’s not a big society, so not a big workload.</li>
<li>What year and course are you currently in? How do you think the workload will affect your ability to perform your duties?</li>
<li>Charlmane: Fourth year, but will be in management, not actual science.</li>
<li>Amelia: Fourth year, but will be in London, which will make a difference.</li>
<li>Henry: Third year.</li>
<li>Peter: First year of his PhD.</li>
<li>Miranda: Has been in every year.</li>
<li>Elections:</li>
<li>1st round: Miranda eliminated.</li>
<li>2nd round: Charlmane eliminated.</li>
<li>3rd round: Peter eliminated.</li>
<li>4th round: Henry eliminated.</li>
<li>Amelia Owens elected as Chair Entity.</li>
		</ul>
			<h3 class="count">Election of Chair of Vice</h3>
		<ul>
<li>Sai Pandian stands.</li>
<li>Kai Lawrence stands.</li>
<li>Miranda stands.</li>
<li>Speeches:</li>
<li>Sai: Sci-fi is one of the coolest places he’s ever been. Doesn’t want to end up as a cliquey society. Wants Themed Fridays and other events not to just be members and ex-members. Will work closely with Connor to attract people.</li>
<li>Kai: Didn’t know about society until Sai brought him here, then fell in love with it. Proposes more actively looking out for people who’d be interested. Do more events that aren’t just us in a small circle in the room, more inclusive to people outside the society.</li>
<li>Miranda: “Miranda was forged in sci-fi from the beginning, and she will organise nothing. She also really likes the third person.”</li>
<li>Questions:</li>
<li>Do you have any ideas for events you would like to run that we haven’t done before?</li>
<li>Sai: Movie nights in a lecture hall to have more people, library can’t fit people in. Have some quiz nights that aren’t the most obscure things in the world.</li>
<li>Kai: Short series of cartoons and animes are getting more popular, like Gravity Falls and Stephen Universe, viewings of short series would be less heavy than movies.</li>
<li>Miranda: Will organise races of freshers; the last candidate through to the first candidate will be executed.</li>
<li>How will you balance getting more people involved against having enough space in the library for people?</li>
<li>Sai: Some events will be better planned and organised, so will be larger compared to events for a smaller group.</li>
<li>Kai: Will do more movie nights and events outside of the library, with library more as a day thing where people come and chat in lunch.</li>
<li>If you are in charge of an event, will you take responsibility in terms of alcohol consumption?</li>
<li>Sai: Never actually been drunk inside the library, prepared to tone down at events he organises.</li>
<li>Kai: Will cut out alcohol if running an event.</li>
<li>If for whatever reason Amelia can’t chair next year, would you be prepared to step up and be chair if necessary?</li>
<li>Sai: Yes</li>
<li>Kai: Yes</li>
<li>Miranda: “Miranda’s not already in charge?”</li>
<li>What are the candidates’ opinions on organising bar nights, and how would they go about it?</li>
<li>Kai: Been to one bar night, enjoys going to a pub more – a more social, less Union-focused event could be more fun, will call ahead and put effort into it.</li>
<li>Sai: Agrees. Bar nights are great, but should do more outside of the Union and Imperial.</li>
<li>Miranda: Misses the old bar nights.</li>
<li>Opinions on the decadence budget?</li>
<li>Sai: Wouldn’t change it. Sci-fi’s not the place you go to get smashed.</li>
<li>Kai: If it’s required and more people are into it, will increase it.</li>
<li>How much effort and time will you put into events?</li>
<li>Sai: Will  need to put effort into publicity and organise well in advance for things we want more attendance for, not so much effort for things like Themed Fridays.</li>
<li>Kai: Intends to post something on Facebook on a Sunday setting an event for the Friday, so time and room to move things around and prepare.</li>
<li>Would you consider creating an accessible, proper sci-fi calendar?</li>
<li>It is noted that a calendar already exists on the website.</li>
<li>Both: Looking to do that, will publicise existing calendar.</li>
<li>Elections:</li>
<li>1st round: Miranda eliminated.</li>
<li>2nd round: Kai eliminated.</li>
<li>Sai Pandian elected as Chair of Vice.</li>
		</ul>
			<h3 class="count">Election of Treasurer</h3>
		<ul>
<li>Charlmane Lun stands.</li>
<li>Matthew Legg stands.</li>
<li>Miranda stands.</li>
<li>Speeches:</li>
<li>Charlmane: This year’s treasurer, did a decent job, didn’t lose money or have any big incidents. Got more budget from the Union.</li>
<li>Matthew: Used to organising events, would like to be involved in the society and contribute, knew he wanted to be a member before he was even accepted to Imperial.</li>
<li>Miranda: Has no concern for earthly possessions. Will eradicate them just to spite you.</li>
<li>Questions:</li>
<li>Are any candidates in charge of money for other societies?</li>
<li>Charlmane: Treasurer for Knit Soc, but only a small society.</li>
<li>Matthew: No.</li>
<li>Miranda: Is in charge of everything… and nothing.</li>
<li>What’s your experience?</li>
<li>Charlmane: Experience as this year’s Treasurer.</li>
<li>Matthew: Parents are both accountants, helped proofread their work, also experience financing self and working.</li>
<li>Are you prepared for budgeting time in January? Will your course be okay with the workload?</li>
<li>Both: Yes.</li>
<li>How familiar are you with the trainwreck that is eActivities?</li>
<li>Matthew: Not familiar, but will find out next year.</li>
<li>Charlmane: Became familiar with it this year.</li>
<li>Have you ever felt constrained by the budget, with things you would have wanted to do but couldn’t, and how would you fix that?</li>
<li>Charlmane: This year, had to hold off getting books and DVDs for Picocon income, but it was fine as knew we’d get certain sum and only had to wait a couple of weeks.</li>
<li>Matthew: If had to choose to delay funds, would do so to make sure bank balance stays at what it should be.</li>
<li>Miranda: Exercises absolutely no self control. With purchasing or with murder.</li>
<li>Any particular ideas as Treasurer?</li>
<li>Charlmane: Gently remind new people to get membership, to try to meet membership target to get more funding.</li>
<li>Matthew: Try to attract more members from all years.</li>
<li>Are you willing to strong arm people to make sure they pay their membership?</li>
<li>Both: Yes.</li>
<li>Elections:</li>
<li>1st round: Miranda is eliminated.</li>
<li>2nd round: Charlmane is eliminated.</li>
<li>Matthew Legg elected as Treasurer.</li>
		</ul>
			<h3 class="count">Election of Librarian</h3>
		<ul>
		<li>Henry Wild stands.</li>
		<li>Eliza Karlowska stands.</li>
		<li>Miranda stands.</li>
		<li>Speeches:</li>
		<li>Eliza: Decided to run as minor committee role. Regular member of society, goes to library most days and could do the job. Would like to make library more clean, get covers for chairs that can be washed. More DC comics for the library.</li>
		<li>Henry: Current Chair, wants to help out. Librarian is an important role, wants to keep clean out moving and compact down things like Doctor Who. Would like to get more graphic novels and comics.</li>
		<li>Miranda: Believes the library is too small. Will be invading the adjacent rooms and floors to expand the space, killing all members.</li>
		<li>Questions:</li>
		<li>How do you feel about moving back to Duty Librarian system?</li>
		<li>Eliza: Has had issues with waiting for people who could access the database, has a long lunch so could do the job.</li>
		<li>Henry: Duty Librarian is useful as can be frustrating not to have access, but potential issue of regularity and having to get people on side. Not sure either way at this point.</li>
		<li>Are you familiar with the society’s remit in buying things, and what are your personal interests?</li>
		<li>Henry: Aware of remit, would like to expand image stuff.</li>
		<li>Eliza: Would like more DC comics, but wouldn’t only buy things she personally likes.</li>
		<li>How prepared are you for the time sink, and how good are you at emailing people a lot?</li>
		<li>Eliza: Sent an email to 80 people once. Not a native speaker, but been learning to write formal emails and applications. Prepared for time sink.</li>
		<li>Henry: Prepared to send formal emails, been doing it as Chair and has done it before. Prepared for time sink.</li>
		<li>Miranda: Is only prepared to put people in holes. Smouldering holes.</li>
		<li>What would be your parameters for putting people on the keylist?</li>
		<li>Henry: Partly assessing trustworthiness of person, how regularly they come. Happy to give access to people who want it if they show they’re trustworthy.</li>
		<li>Eliza: Problems this year with getting freshers on keylist as Katherine wasn’t on campus much. As a committee member, she will know who the regular people are as they’ll be her friends.</li>
		<li>Miranda: Trusts no one except Miranda.</li>
		<li>Elections:</li>
		<li>1st round: Miranda eliminated.</li>
		<li>2nd round: Eliza eliminated.</li>
		<li>Henry Wild elected as Librarian.</li>
		</ul>
			<h3 class="count">Election of Picocon Sofa.</h3>
		<ul>
		<li>Edward Da Fonseca stands.</li>
		<li>Miranda stands.</li>
		<li>Speeches:</li>
		<li>Ed: Having a committee position would give him something to talk about other than politics. Was Beanbag this year, so some level of understanding and experience. Next year, will be losing at least one big regular (Porcupine Books), so will start looking for new things. Wants to work on publicity, and is Publicity Officer for Dance this year so may as well do more publicity for Picocon.</li>
		<li>Miranda: “Miranda needs to say nothing.”</li>
		<li>Questions:</li>
		<li>What events would you add to try to mix things up, as attendance has been dwindling and people are starting to get bored?</li>
		<li>Ed: Two-day Picocon a couple of years ago was enjoyable but not necessarily great for the society. Would consult present and old members for ideas, try to get other sci-fi societies involved. Harmless Fun could have candidates from different unis, formalise and form teams beforehand.</li>
		<li>Miranda: Russian Roulette.</li>
		<li>Any ideas for themes?</li>
		<li>Ed: Cyborgs? But that’s science-y rather than fantasy, need to focus on fantasy a bit more as missing that recently.</li>
		<li>What are you thinking of for catering?</li>
		<li>Ed: Liked H-Bar this year, fancier but problems with serving food later. If we know in advance, could organise more effectively.</li>
		<li>Will you go to meetings for other societies like the BSFA?</li>
		<li>Ed: Will go, or organise a minion to go.</li>
		<li>Any ideas for publicity?</li>
		<li>Ed: More flyering around Imperial.</li>
		<li>Miranda: Does not discriminate, all will be executed.</li>
		<li>Any ideas for events?</li>
		<li>Ed: Will canvas the Great Old Ones for ideas, they’ve been around longer and may have ideas and know traditions.</li>
		<li>Miranda: Will do nothing.</li>
		<li>Elections:</li>
		<li>1st round: Miranda eliminated.</li>
		<li>Edward Da Fonseca elected as Picocon Sofa.</li>
		</ul>
			<h3 class="count">Election of Picocon Beanbag.</h3>
		<ul>
		<li>Kai Lawrence stands.</li>
		<li>Miranda stands.</li>
		<li>Speeches:</li>
		<li>Kai: Thinks helping run Picocon sounds fun, would be willing to go to wider sci-fi society meetings, wants to make it a bigger event.</li>
		<li>Miranda: Will do nothing.</li>
		<li>Questions:</li>
		<li>Do you have experience with room bookings?</li>
		<li>Kai: Willing to learn how to book rooms. “I will suck knowledge from the Sofa.”</li>
		<li>Objection to knowledge-sucking is raised by Ed.</li>
		<li>Miranda: Will do nothing.</li>
		<li>What event would you suggest to spice up the formula of Picocon?</li>
		<li>Kai: Write down the dumb ideas people come up with they don’t think would ever happen.</li>
		<li>Miranda: Will do nothing.</li>
		<li>How comfortable are you running around dealing with unexpected situations you may not have been aware of? And with helping with other things like archiving around the library?</li>
		<li>Kai: Good in stressful situations, happy to help generally.</li>
		<li>Miranda: Will do nothing.</li>
		<li>Elections:</li>
		<li>1st round: Miranda eliminated.</li>
		<li>Kai Lawrence elected as Picocon Beanbag.</li>
		</ul>
			<h3 class="count">Election of Wyrmtongue Editor.</h3>
		<ul>
		<li>Katherine Read stands.</li>
		<li>Miranda stands.</li>
		<li>Speeches:</li>
		<li>Katherine: Considered standing earlier than 10 seconds ago. Did creative writing at school, wants to get back into it and encourage more people to get into it. Picocon this year showed insane talent, and liked the cooperative writing thing this year. Willing to learn to use new software.</li>
		<li>Questions:</li>
		<li>Will you be willing to do it before Picocon, and how many editions?</li>
		<li>Katherine: Yes, would like to. Will delegate less of Picocon edition of Wyrmtongue to rest of committee.</li>
		<li>Are you willing to nag people?</li>
		<li>Katherine: Yes.</li>
		<li>Would you like to include more artwork?</li>
		<li>Katherine: Yes, based on what people are interested in providing.</li>
		<li>Elections:</li>
		<li>1st round: Miranda eliminated.</li>
		</ul>
			<h3 class="count">Election of Secretary.</h3>
		<ul>
		<li>Eliza Karlowska stands.</li>
		<li>Miranda stands.</li>
		<li>Speeches:</li>
		<li>Eliza: Decided to run when Henry won Librarian. Would like to be a member of committee, and considered being Secretary at beginning of the year, so would be happy with the role.</li>
		<li>Miranda: Keeps all records of enemies inscribed in skin before their vaporisation.</li>
		<li>Questions:</li>
		<li>How good is your sense of discretion regarding minute-writing?</li>
		<li>Eliza: Will find out about the rules and work to them.</li>
		<li>How would you feel about transcribing the committee’s chat logs?</li>
		<li>Eliza: Would do so if necessary.</li>
		<li>What steps would you take to maintain contact with old members?</li>
		<li>Eliza: “Do you have phone books in England?”</li>
		<li>A moment is taken for all to hail Bob.</li>
		<li>What is the speed of an unladen African swallow?</li>
		<li>Eliza: Your mum.</li>
		<li>Miranda: The question is vague. You don’t say which direction the wind is flowing. Or whether the baby has anything of value.</li>
		<li>It is questioned why a baby’s involved.</li>
		<li>Miranda: “Disregard my previous comment. I was answering a different question.”</li>
		<li>Elections:</li>
		<li>1st round: Miranda eliminated.</li>
		<li>Eliza Karlowska elected as Secretary.</li>
		</ul>
			<h3 class="count">Review of Constitution and Standing Orders.</h3>
		<ul>
		<li>Ratification of Amendments to the Standing Orders.</li>
		<li>There were no changes to the Standing Orders during this session.</li>
		<li>Changes to the Constitution.</li>
		<li>No Amendments to the Constitution were proposed in advance of this meeting.</li>
		<li>Further changes from the floor.</li>
		<li>No changes were proposed from the floor.</li>
		</ul>
			<h3 class="count">Any other business.</h3>
		<ul>
		<li>Mailing list:</li>
		<li>Proposed that mailing list should be moderated by current committee, not older members who may not be fully aware of what’s going on in the society.</li>
		<li>While this is a good idea, it is important to keep older members on in case the committee implodes. </li>
		<li>Establish current Secretary as primary moderator of mailing list, and establish more contact with the other moderates to coordinate this.</li>
		<li>It is noted that committee meetings in the future should be advertised on the icsf-list mailing list, not just icsf-committee.</li>
		<li>Sci-fi journal or podcast:</li>
		<li>Idea to make journal to hand down in the society, documenting arguments that have been had, like the quotes list. Basically a sci-fi digest.</li>
		<li>Perhaps it could be a radio programme through IC Radio instead.</li>
		<li>Need to canvass for interest in a sci-fi podcast first.</li>
		<li>Idea will be discussed further in a future meeting.</li>
		<li>Unofficial name change of Treasurer:</li>
		<li>Unofficial motion proposed by Peter Dawson to unofficially change the title “Treasurer” to “Master of Coin”.</li>
		<li>12 for, 3 against, 4 abstaining.</li>
		<li>Quotes list:</li>
		<li>Proposal to make a decision that things committee members say can be put on the quotes list even if they’re not in the library.</li>
		<li>Perhaps this should only apply if enough sci-fi members hear it.</li>
		<li>But that rule doesn’t apply in the library.</li>
		<li>It is argued that the library counts as a member.</li>
		<li>Alternatively, official sci-fi events that don’t take place in the library can still be quotes listed.</li>
		<li>Would save gems such as, “don’t put your [redacted] in a flower”.</li>
		<li>Possibility of establishing sci-fi union across other London universities.</li>
		<li>Needs further discussion, can bring it to the next committee meeting to discuss fully.</li>
		<li>Also possibly Picocon-related.</li>
		<li>Will have another meeting about it later in the year, or next year.</li>
		</ul>
		<p class="opened">Meeting Closed at 20:38</p>

	</div>
		<!--include "stubs/footer.html"-->

	</body>
</html>
