<!DOCTYPE html>
<!--ICSF-->
<!--Mon, 16 Jan 2017 18:02:00 +0000-->
<!--General Committee Meeting-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" lang="en" xml:lang="en" dir="ltr">
	<head>
		<!--include "stubs/headers.html"-->
		<title>Minutes - ICSF</title>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/resources/minutes.css" />
	</head>
	<body>
		<!--include "stubs/h1-start.html"-->
			Minutes
		<!--include "stubs/h1-end.html"-->

		<nav>
			<!--include "stubs/nav-main.html"-->
			<hr />
			<a href="<!--SRVROOT-->/committee/minutes/">Meetings</a>
			<a href="<!--SRVROOT-->/committee/#constitution">Constitution</a>
		</nav>

	<div style="position: relative;">
		<h2>Minutes of a meeting of the ICSF, 16th Jan 2017</h2>
		<p class="opened">Meeting Opened at 18:02</p>


		<h3>Present</h3>
		<div class="peoples">Henry Wild (Chair)
Saad Ahmed (Chair of Vice)
Charlmane Lun (Treasurer)
Katherine Read (Secretary)
Elizabeth Windo (Picocon Sofa)
Edward Da Fonseca (Picocon Beanbag)
Robin Thomas (Wyrmtongue Editor)
Jian Li Chew (Publicity Officer)
Henry Leventhorpe (Tech Priest)
Anurag Deshpande
Trevor Stickland

</div>
		<h3>Apologies</h3>
		<div class="peoples">
Amelia Owens (Librarian)
</div>


		<h3 class="count">Picocon</h3>
		<ul>
		<li>Guests:</li>
		<li>Jaine Fenn – in London, no accommodation, but transport costs.</li>
		<li>Paul McAuley – in London, no accommodation, transport costs.</li>
		<li>Al Robertson – no accommodation costs, but higher transport costs as will need to get into London.</li>
		<li> Justina Robson – to be confirmed.</li>
		<li>Vendors:</li>
		<li>Porcupine books, paperback books and designs.</li>
		<li>Porcupine books say this is the last year they will sell here.</li>
		<li>Don’t yet know whether the normal seller for prints can make it.</li>
		<li>Parking needs to be sorted out for two or three vendors.</li>
		<li>Merchandise:</li>
		<li>Sales of shirts have been dropping every year, lots left to get rid of.</li>
		<li>Could order reduced quantities so less money is lost.</li>
		<li>Last year, about 31 were sold on the day.</li>
		<li>Will order around 35 to 40 this year, rather than 50.</li>
		<li>However, no data from previous years on which sizes were bought, so hard to know what to reduce.</li>
		<li>Could also have generic ICSF shirts.</li>
		<li>No cheaper, but could still be sold at future Picocons.</li>
		<li>Although people will only buy one each, not one per year.</li>
		<li>In this case, Picocon-specific shirts could be pre-order only.</li>
		<li>Could also have Picocon-specific badges.</li>
		<li>Could only offer black shirts this year.</li>
		<li>Historically sold better.</li>
		<li>Easier to have plenty of each size.</li>
		<li>Motion proposed to sell only black shirts and in a slightly reduced quantity.</li>
		<li><span class="motion passed"> 11 for, 0 against, 0 abstention</span></li>
		<li>Badges:</li>
		<li>Pin badges (2.5cm) would be 50 for £18.</li>
		<li>Not a significant loss if they don’t sell well.</li>
		<li>Could consider nicer badges in future years if they sell well.</li>
		<li>Would use sci-fi logo rather than Picocon logo, as Picocon has a more intricate logo that might not fit well on a small pin badge.</li>
		<li>Badges come in full colours (no black and white option).</li>
		<li>Motion proposed to order 20 Picocon-specific badges and 30 general ICSF badges.</li>
		<li><span class="motion passed"> 11 for, 0 against, 0 abstention</span></li>
		<li>Destruction of Dodgy Merchandise:</li>
		<li>Stuart Ashens confirmed.</li>
		<li>Paperwork is mostly done.</li>
		<li>Still need a few items, will be acquired online or in person within the next couple of weeks. May 3D print again.</li>
		<li>Some items left in trunk, but they aren’t that great.</li>
		<li>Last year a child got very close – this year, will have a piece of wood as an extra barrier and keep an eye out.</li>
		<li>Will allocate more time for DODM, as it ran into a talk last year.</li>
		<li>Will also try to acquire a megaphone or PA system for Ashens.</li>
		<li>Catering:</li>
		<li>Same format as last year (tickets in centre).</li>
		<li>Issues last year were on the Union side, so will hopefully run more smoothly now the set-up is established.</li>
		<li>Silly games, quiz and turkey readings:</li>
		<li>Looking at getting older members involved by doing the games and readings.</li>
		<li>Need better scheduling and organisation for quiz this year.</li>
		<li>List will be collected for turkey readings and viewings over the next few weeks, in the library.</li>
		<li>Need to get buckets from RAG.</li>
		<li>Tabletop and Gaming:</li>
		<li>Tabletop has had organisational issues, their chair is not replying.</li>
		<li>Henry Wild could get out the board games when we need them.</li>
		<li><span class="action"> Henry Wild to contact Ariana about Gaming in Picocon</span></li>		<li>Need to find out if there are people interested in running them.</li>
		<li>Posters:</li>
		<li>Will be derived from last year’s posters and printed at high quality.</li>
		<li>Will ideally have flyers and posters by the end of January.</li>
		<li>May or may not advertise on Twitter (probably won’t reach many people).</li>
		<li>Ideally want a few members at each meeting of London sci-fi societies to promote Picocon.</li>
		<li>Felix:</li>
		<li>Would like some promotional material there.</li>
		<li>Saad will ask about it, Anurag will back him.</li>
		<li>Could consider a centrefold, potentially related to Picocon – but needs to be artistic, and careful not to put people off.</li>
		<li>In the process of organising chaperones and collecting volunteers.</li>
		<li>Will print new, generic signs for directions and laminate them.</li>
		<li>Tickets are up on the Union store and website up to date.</li>
		<li>Budget:</li>
		<li>Main things have been decided on.</li>
		<li>Details of merchandise still to be determined.</li>
		<li>Don’t know about accommodation for Justina Robson yet.</li>
		<li>Budget should be similar to previous years.</li>
		<li>Room bookings:</li>
		<li>Union bar all day.</li>
		<li>Metric until 4pm.</li>
		<li>LT1 and Physics also booked.</li>
		<li>18th February was chosen as the date because other conventions are taking place in the weekends before and after.</li>
		<li>Wyrmtongue:</li>
		<li>Confirmed submissions from two people.</li>
		<li>Will also be one from Dobbin, so three altogether at the moment.</li>
		<li>Saad will do some drawings and maybe some writing.</li>
		<li>Jian will write something.</li>
		<li>Henry Wild will write the puzzles.</li>
		<li>Deadline will be at least two weeks before Picocon.</li>
		<li>Normally one particular guest volunteers to Periscope the author talks – they may or may not do that again this year, provided guests are happy.</li>
		</ul>

		<h3 class="count">Budget</h3>
		<ul>
		<li>Membership target:</li>
		<li>Last year, the target was 90 members.</li>
		<li>Currently we’re on 74 members (82% of the target).</li>
		<li>We haven’t met the target for the last few years.</li>
		<li>We have 8 life members, but they’re not counted toward the target.</li>
		<li>Could consider lowering the target to 80 to 85.</li>
		<li>Probably more realistic, consistent number of members.</li>
		<li>Will most likely hit 80 members this year.</li>
		<li>Some people are here but haven’t yet bought membership.</li>
		<li>Can also attract more members through bar nights.</li>
		<li>Putting budget toward cinema tickets rather than snacks for nights in might attract more members, but snacks are cheaper.</li>
		<li>Will also publicise the difference in ticket price for Picocon.</li>
		<li>Cinema tickets:</li>
		<li>Normally £11 in London, can’t subsidise by 50%.</li>
		<li>Could decide on a blanket subsidy of $3, or a particular percentage of the ticket price, or a limit on number of subsidised tickets.</li>
		<li>The first two options could be advertised.</li>
		<li>A lot of people come in first term, and this year the subsidy was a lot, so could be a good idea to limit numbers.</li>
		<li>A solid £3 would be easier to budget for, more appealing to people (could still round it so easier to collect money).</li>
		<li>Could consider running a campaign – would get funding if we have a good idea.</li>
		<li>Could consider looking into a tour, with a tour budget.</li>
		</ul>

		<h3 class="count">Other business</h3>
		<ul>
		<li>Cinema trips:</li>
		<li>Could have two more with minimal subsidies, like for Rogue One.</li>
		<li>This should be fine budget-wise, as not much else is going on other than Picocon.</li>
		<li>Guardians of the Galaxy 2 next term.</li>
		<li>Potentially Lego Batman.</li>
		<li>But comes out the week before Picocon.</li>
		<li>Although could be good advertising for Picocon.</li>
		<li>Also around Valentine’s Day, but does anyone actually care about that?</li>
		<li>Could put up a poll about possible cinema trips.</li>
		<li><span class="action"> Saad to set up Facebook poll this week regarding cinema trip options</span></li>
		<li>There will be a bar night within the next couple of weeks and one after Picocon.</li>
		<li>About £15 will be allocated for snacks for nights in.</li>
		<li>Lights in the library:</li>
		<li>Have been making a scary buzzing noise when turned on.</li>
		<li>Amelia has contacted SAC about this but has not heard back.</li>
		<li>Will aim to keep lights off until resolved (can use fairy lights).</li>
		<li>Librarian discount for Forbidden Planet has been sorted, just waiting for it to go through Forbidden Planet’s system.</li>
		<li>Only a few pages of Quotes List left to be typed up.</li>
		<li>Highlight: “Don’t shove that watermelon up your urethra.”</li>
		<li>When done, Ed will forward it to Tech Priest.</li>
		<li>Hay-on-Wye:</li>
		<li>Put up a sign in the library to advertise.</li>
		<li>Could also be advertised under upcoming events in Wyrmtongue.</li>
		<li>Could consider opening to current members before previous members for a period of time, to encourage newer members to come along.</li>
		<li>There will be about 16 places (we don’t use all the beds, but there is only limited space in the minibus).</li>
		<li>Anurag will drive the minibus.</li>
		<li>Henry Leventhorpe can also take an extra car of people.</li>
		</ul>


		<a onclick="window.location.hash = (window.location.hash == '#actions' ? '' : '#actions')" id="actions"><h3>Motions &amp; Actions</h3><ul>
		<li><span class="action"> Henry Wild to contact Ariana about Gaming in Picocon</span></li>
		<li><span class="action"> Saad to set up Facebook poll this week regarding cinema trip options</span></li>
		</ul></a>

		<p class="opened">Meeting Closed at 18:55</p>
	</div>
		<!--include "stubs/footer.html"-->

	</body>
</html>
