<!DOCTYPE html>
<!--ICSF-->
<!--Wed, 07 Dec 2011 18:01:00 +0000-->
<!--General Committee Meeting-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" lang="en" xml:lang="en" dir="ltr">
	<head>
		<!--include "stubs/headers.html"-->
		<title>General Committee Meeting</title>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/resources/minutes.css" />
	</head>
	<body>
		<!--include "stubs/h1-start.html"-->
			Minutes
		<!--include "stubs/h1-end.html"-->

		<nav>
			<!--include "stubs/nav-main.html"-->
			<hr />
			<a href="<!--SRVROOT-->/committee/minutes/">Meetings</a>
			<a href="<!--SRVROOT-->/committee/#constitution">Constitution</a>
		</nav>

	<div style="position: relative;">
		<h2>Minutes of a meeting of the ICSF, 7th Dec 2016</h2>
		<p class="opened">Meeting Opened at 18:01</p>


		<h3>Present</h3>
		<div class="peoples">Henry Wild (Chair)
Saad Ahmed (Chair of Vice)
Elizabeth Windo (Picocon Sofa)
Edward Da Fonseca (Picocon Beanbag)
Amelia Owens (Librarian)
Henry Leventhorpe (Tech Priest)
Jian Li Chew (Publicity Officer)
Anurag Deshpande

</div>
		<h3>Apologies</h3>
		<div class="peoples">
Charlmane Lun (Treasurer)
Katherine Read (Secretary)
Robin Thomas (Wyrmtongue Editor)
</div>


		<h3 class="count">Events</h3>
		<ul>
		<li> Christmas night in scheduled for Friday 9th December. </li>
		<li> Snacks will be bought on Friday. </li>
		<li> Plush night: </li>
		<li> Not too busy. </li>
		<li> Majority who attended were freshers. </li>
		<li> Rogue One Trip: </li>
		<li> 7.30pm viewing. </li>
		<li> Henry W will run it, Henry L and Anurag may also be able to help. </li>
		<li> Amelia may be able to find out details. </li>
		<li><span class="action"> Henry Wild will finish organising Rogue One trip.</span></li>
		<li> Enough events scheduled for this term. </li>
		<li> Next term: </li>
		<li> Bad films marathon soon after start of term. </li>
		<li> Organised themed nights on Friday evenings: </li>
		<li> <li> Treat like a proper event. </li> </li>
		<li> Start at beginning of term, transition to every other week. </li>
		<li> Raise more awareness that the library’s open on Friday evenings. </li>
		<li> Other potential events will be discussed next term. </li>
		</ul>

		<h3 class="count">Book club</h3>
		<ul>
		<li> Amelia would like to start a book club. </li>
		<li> Issues with timings – lunch times and evenings difficult. </li>
		<li> Could potentially be at the weekend, will aim for early evening. </li>
		<li> Could look into collaborating with existing book club. </li>
		<li> Needs to have a discussion point: </li>
		<li> Could suggest titles. </li>
		<li> Could incorporate into Picocon. </li>
		</ul>

		<h3 class="count">Picocon</h3>
		<ul>
		<li> No big changes recently. </li>
		<li> Beth has contacted people about nitrogen. </li>
		<li> Catering has been organised: </li>
		<li> Mobile server with pre-set food. </li>
		<li> Guests organised and contacted. </li>
		<li> Would it be possible to get more bar staff? </li>
		<li> Could be difficult. </li>
		<li> Would need to pay more. </li>
		<li> Logo will be released this Saturday. </li>
		<li> Will also get T-shirt orders. </li>
		<li> Logo was designed by Ed. </li>
		<li> If anyone has any questions, refer to Beth. </li>
		</ul>

		<h3 class="count">Clearout and archiving</h3>
		<ul>
		<li> Clearout: </li>
		<li> The cassettes have been moved. </li>
		<li> Lots of space has been freed up in the clearout. </li>
		<li> Wyrmtongues, fanzines and publicity things have been moved to a shelf. </li>
		<li> Amelia may bring in a folder to store them. </li>
		<li> Publicity on top shelf. </li>
		<li> Tech and Picocon things below. </li>
		<li> Lost and found also being stored. </li>
		<li> Amelia will think about how to get that back to people. </li>
		<li> Boxes below the seats are almost empty. </li>
		<li> All book boxes need to be donated. </li>
		<li> Possibly to other sci-fi societies. </li>
		<li> Maciej may need some. </li>
		<li> The nice ones have been sorted through. </li>
		<li> Will think about another book blind date next term. </li>
		<li> Archiving: </li>
		<li> Need to think about backing up lots of diskettes. </li>
		<li> Would have to work out which ones are still relevant. </li>
		<li> Floppy disks could be a problem. </li>
		<li> Lots of paper things have also been found. </li>
		<li> Would like to keep as much as possible for the moment – we can’t do anything once it’s been thrown out. </li>
		<li> Perhaps we could work with a great old one ambassador? </li>
		<li> Lots of archiving has been done already, somewhere. </li>
		<li> Beth would be able to copy data over Christmas. </li>
		<li> Potential archivist position: </li>
		<li> First role: to store old information. </li>
		<li> Second role: to present old information. </li>
		<li> There is quite a bit of overlap with current tech priest role. </li>
		<li> Having an archivist could allow for absence of the tech priest (although being tech priest requires actual tech knowledge). </li>
		<li> There were once bios for members on the website. </li>
		<li> Would be nice to have this maintained somewhere. </li>
		<li> Beth will look at old website after Picocon, when there’s less to do. </li>
		<li> Beth and Ed will see how much there is to do, split the work. </li>
		<li> Will also think about making a proper position at that point. </li>
		<li> Quotes list: </li>
		<li> Currently only runs to 2013. </li>
		<li> Can be digitised quickly if time and effort are put in. </li>
		<li><span class="action"> Beth and Ed will look at old website post-Picocon.</span></li>
		</ul>

		<h3 class="count">T-shirt sale</h3>
		<ul>
		<li> Will be discussed in future committee meeting with Charlmane. </li>
		</ul>

		<h3 class="count">Forbidden Planet</h3>
		<ul>
		<li> Forbidden Planet said they would arrange library discount. </li>
		<li> Haven’t heard anything back yet. </li>
		</ul>


		<h3 class="count">Shelves</h3>
		<ul>
		<li> We have brackets for shelves, but they’re hard to attach. </li>
		<li> May have a bar over the top of shelves for support. </li>
		<li> Need to get permission to secure the shelves to the floor and ceiling. </li>
		<li> Amelia knows someone to ask. </li>
		</ul>

		<h3 class="count">Website update</h3>
		<ul>
		<li> Online gallery goes up to 2005. </li>
		<li> Also photos on the computer – these should be saved. </li>
		<li> There are lots of close-up photos on Facebook. </li>
		<li> Not everyone uses Facebook. </li>
		<li> Need to take main Facebook images and put them on the website. </li>
		<li> Calendar on website needs to be changed. </li>
		<li> Could make events and put them on the calendar. </li>
		<li> Or could list general events over the year. </li>
		<li> Need to manually edit the website every time to add new events. </li>
		<li> Chair of Vice can learn how to do that. </li>
		<li> The second online database on the website should be fixed. </li>
		<li> Picocon fanzine from last year also needs to go up on the website. </li>
		</ul>


		<h3 class="count">Beanbags</h3>
		<ul>
		<li> One of them has a hole. The other one doesn’t have a cover. </li>
		<li> If the beanbag splits, it will be bad. </li>
		<li> Head Librarian will sort it out after Christmas. </li>
		<li><span class="action"> Amelia to sort out the beanbag situation.</span></li>
		</ul>


		<a onclick="window.location.hash = (window.location.hash == '#actions' ? '' : '#actions')" id="actions"><h3>Motions &amp; Actions</h3><ul>
		<li><span class="action"> Amelia to sort out the beanbag situation.</span></li>
		<li><span class="action"> Henry Wild will finish organising Rogue One trip.</span></li>
		<li><span class="action"> Beth and Ed will look at old website post-Picocon.</span></li>
		</ul></a>

		<p class="opened">Meeting Closed at 17:40</p>
	</div>
		<!--include "stubs/footer.html"-->

	</body>
</html>
