<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN"
		"http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
	<title>Minutes of ICSF Committee Meeting, 15/02/09</title>
	<meta name="Description" content="icsf (Imperial College Union Science Fiction, Fantasy and Horror Society) Website" />
 	<meta name="Reply-to" content="icsf@ic.ac.uk" />
	<link type="text/css" rel="stylesheet" href="/scc/icsf/resources/style.css" />
	<link type="text/css" rel="stylesheet" href="/scc/icsf/resources/minutes.css" />

</head>
<body class="bodyMedium">
<table width="95%" cellpadding="4" class="bodyDark" align="center">
<tr>
<td class="bodyLight">

<h2>Agenda for ICSF Committee Meeting, 15/10/09</h2>
<ol>
	<li>Chair’s Report</li>
	<li>Treasurer’s Report</li>
	<li>Picocon Sofa’s Report</li>
	<li>General ICSF workings
	<ul>
		<li>Science museum tour</li>
		<li>Dune artwork</li>
		<li>Bar night</li>
		<li>Cinema trip</li>
		<li>Cinema Soc Joint Showing</li>
	</ul></li>
	<li>Uncopied DVDs: deposit, or not deposit?</li>
	<li>Key list
	<ul>
		<li>Who should be on it? Who ought to be removed?</li>
		<li>Mark Rutland (Duty Librarian, Weds?) has specifically requested to be added.</li>
	</ul></li>
	<li>Any Other Business
		<ul><li>Beanbag Sofa: yea/nay?</li></ul>
	</li>
</ol>

<hr />

<div class="actions">
	<h3>Actions & Motions</h3>
	<ul>
		<li class="action">David McBride: Find suitable pictures</li>
		<li class="action">Benedict: prepare them for captioning.</li>
		<li class="action">Fluffy: do this!</li>
		<li class="action">Fluffy: Inform the union that we will be using paper sign-up forms at Femtocon.</li>
		<li class="action">Rosie: Organise this.</li>
		<li class="action">Rosie: Check this, and e-mail the committee with details.</li>
		<li class="action">Rosie: Send out a map of the route to the Tea Clipper.</li>
		<li class="action">Fluffy: Talk to Tom (last year’s chair).</li>
		<li class="action">Everyone: Think of suitable films for a showing.</li>
		<li class="action">David McBride: Cause this to be so.</li>
		<li class="action">Rebecca & Fluffy: Update the keylist.</li>
		<li class="action">Rebecca: Minute in the next meeting that this is to be re-examined again.</li>
	</ul>
	<ul>
		<li class="motion passed">Should paper forms be used at Femtocon? &nbsp; For: 5(+1); Against: 2(+1)</li>
		<li class="motion passed">Reimburse people for the dual-layer disks to copy onto? &nbsp; For: 9(+1); Against: 0(+1); Abstaining: 1.</li>
		<li class="motion failed">Deposits are too open to accidental abuse, as well as all the logistical problems. This is deemed a BAD idea (though there was one vote in favour).</li>
		<li class="motion passed">Should ICSF policy be to lend out uncopied films, but not to lend uncopied series disks? &nbsp; For: 10(+2); Against: 1</li>
		<li>Vote: Should the bean-bag sofa stay?
		<ul>
			<li>Strongly against: 3</li>
			<li>Mildly against: 1</li>
			<li>Indifferent: 2</li>
			<li>Mildly in favour: 1</li>
			<li>Strongly in favour: 6</li>
		</ul></li>
	</ul>
</div>

<h2>Minutes of ICSF Committee Meeting, 15/10/09</h2>

<span class="opened">Meeting opened at 6:04pm.</span>

	<h3>Present:</h3>
	<div class="peoples">Alex Savell (Chairentity)
	John Davenport (Treasurer)
	Joseph Britton (Librarian)
	Benedict Harcourt (Web Editor)
	Rosie Goldsmith (Chair of Vice)
	Rebecca Clark (Secretary)
	Simon Moxon (Picocon Beanbag)
	Alex Cameron (Publicity Officer)
	Peter Mabbott
	Mark Rutland
	David McBride</div>

	<h3>Apologies:</h3>
	<div class="peoples">Akbaralli Kapasi (Wyrmtongue editor)
	Joseph Britton (Librarian)
	Chris Hutchison (Picocon Sofa)</div>

	<h3>Absent:</h3>
	<div class="peoples">Alex Stubbley (Publicity Officer)</div>

	<h3>Admission of last meeting’s minutes</h3>
	<ul>
		<li>Minutes accepted without objection.</li>
	</ul>

	<h3>Actions from last meeting</h3>
	<ul>
		<li>Caption competition: This will now (obviously) be impossible to complete in time for Freshers’ Fair, so it is being planned for Femtocon instead.
		<ul>
			<li class="action">David McBride: Find suitable pictures</li>
			<li class="action">Benedict: prepare them for captioning.</li>
		</ul></li>
		<li>UCLSF now has almost all the donated books, and will be returning for the rest shortly.</li>
	</ul>

	<h3>Femtocon (Or, the chair’s report)</h3>
	<ul>
		<li>Check the room booking for Femtocon.
		<ul>
			<li class="action">Fluffy: do this!</li>
			<li>Fluffy and Rosie both have commitment problems for this and cannot make it at all; Rebecca and Joseph will have trouble being on time for similar reasons.</li>
		</ul></li>
		<li>Peter (on behalf of Joseph) Please be early and help set up! There may be food offered as a bribe.</li>
		<li>We will need someone to do tours of the library</li>
		<li>Don’t forget the Freshers’ books!
		<ul>
			<li>Possibly only after sign-up.</li>
		</ul></li>

		<li>Alex Cameron proposed a dummy bank account to allow freshers to sign up online without entering their card details.
		<ul>
			<li>John and Fluffy are both very uncomfortable with this. It will not be done.</li>
			<li class="motion passed">Should paper forms be used at Femtocon?	&nbsp; For: 5(+1); Against: 2(+1)
			<ul>
				<li class="action">Fluffy: Inform the union that we will be using paper sign-up forms at Femtocon.</li>
			</ul></li>
		</ul></li>
	</ul>

	<h3>Treasurer's Report (John Davenport)</h3>
	<ul>
		<li>All is well, except that people have been leaving unnamed receipts in the cashbox.
		<ul>
			<li>The receipts in question belonged to Benedict (on behalf of Alex Cameron) and Ed Boff.</li>
			<li>Ideally, please give your receipts to John, and explain what they’re for.</li>
		</ul></li>

		<li>Membership is going reasonably well (it’s at about 30).
		<ul>
			<li>Fluffy plans a proposal to allow clubs to reduce their membership targets now, since online membership has reduced signups (our target is currently 80 members).</li>
			<li>The Union’s mess-up at Freshers’ Fair was also unhelpful.</li>
		</ul></li>
	</ul>

	<h3>Picocon Sofa</h3>
<span class="entrance">The Picocon Sofa enters.</span>
	<p>“Does the Picocon Sofa have anything to report?”<br/>“No.”</p>
<span class="exit">The Picocon Sofa leaves the meeting.</span>

	<h3>General ICSF Business</h3>
	<ul>
		<li>Tour of the Science Museum’s new exhibit.
		<ul>
			<li>We don’t have a date. The beginning of November? Mid-November.</li>
			<li class="action">Rosie: Organise this.</li>
		</ul></li>

		<li>Dune artwork (or the abandoned Dune film set to star Salvador Dali)
		<ul>
			<li>The exhibition is only on until 30th October.</li>
			<li>Should we include this in the bookcrawl?</li>
			<li class="action">Rosie: Check this, and e-mail the committee with details.</li>
		</ul></li>

		<li>Bar night
		<ul>
			<li>In the Tea Clipper
			<ul>
				<li>Should we move there permanently?
				<ul>
					<li>Anecdotal evidence indicates poor attendance of Tea Clipper bar nights</li>
				</ul></li>
				<li>There should be two posses (to take freshers and lost souls from the library), one at 6PM and one at 6:30 PM.</li>
			</ul></li>
			<li class="action">Rosie: Send out a map of the route to the Tea Clipper.</li>
		</ul></li>

		<li>Cinema trips
		<ul>
			<li>What should we see?
			<ul>
				<li>District 9?</li>
				<li>Should we use Orange Wednesdays to our advantage?</li>
			</ul></li>
			<li>A minion is required for this, in exchange for non-sexual favours</li>
			<li>Mark Rutland has been implicated in this.</li>
		</ul></li>

		<li>Film showing in conjunction with Cinema Soc
		<ul>
			<li>It currently has no committee.</li>
			<li>It might be feasible if ICSF do all the actual work</li>
			<li class="action">Fluffy: Talk to Tom (last year’s chair).</li>
			<li>We would have to:
			<ul>
				<li>Put forward the necessary money (£100)</li>
				<li>Set up chairs, book the room &c.&c.</li>
				<li>Advertise</li>
				<li>Deal with takings</li>
				<li>Do the actual projection (maybe).</li>
				<li>Share any profits, but absorb any losses</li>
			</ul></li>
			<li class="action">Everyone: Think of suitable films for a showing.</li>
			<li>This will not be feasible until December-ish.</li>
		</ul></li>

		<li>Uncopied DVDs
		<ul>
			<li>Mark will be in ICSF all day on Wednesdays: he can copy disks then.</li>
			<li>The software to do this exists on the ICSF computer, but the machine itself makes copies incredibly slowly.
			<ul>
				<li>Could we copy disk-disk, with two DVD drives?</li>
				<li>We could also hijack the Department of Computing for this (nefarious) purpose</li>
				<li>It is also possible to book EEng room 304a.</li>
				<li>It takes approximately one hour to make a copy.</li>
				<li class="action">David McBride: Cause this to be so.</li>
			</ul></li>

			<li class="motion passed">Reimburse people for the dual-layer disks to copy onto? &nbsp; For: 9(+1); Against: 0(+1); Abstaining: 1.</li>
			<li class="motion failed">Deposits are too open to accidental abuse, as well as all the logistical problems. This is deemed a BAD idea (though there was one vote in favour).</li>
			<li>Note: Don’t abuse the Head Librarian’s password. Changing this is in progress/being discussed.
			<ul>
				<li>Is Gabriel’s special exemption to be removed?
				<ul>
					<li>Not the time or place to discuss this.</li>
				</ul></li>
			</ul></li>

			<li>Peter suggests that it is ICSF standing policy to lend uncopied films, but not series disks. Fluffy disagrees that it is so.
			<ul>
				<li>Losing disks is rare</li>
				<li class="motion passed">Should ICSF policy be to lend out uncopied films, but not to lend uncopied series disks? &nbsp; For: 10(+2); Against: 1</li>
			</ul></li>
		</ul></li>
	</ul>

	<h3>Any Other Business</h3>
	<ul>
		<li>Keylist
		<ul>
			<li>It is currently quite bloated.
			<ul>
				<li>Karne and Michele can possibly be removed</li>
				<li>Cat and Baz can be removed once they have moved to Manchester</li>
				<li>Simon Moxon and Mark Rutland need to be added.</li>
			</ul></li>
			<li class="action">Rebecca & Fluffy: Update the keylist.</li>
			<li>Peter disapproves of pruning the keylist (and of people running “his” society)</li>
			<li>Nothing is to be done withut committee approval.</li>
		</ul></li>
		<li>Beanbag Sofa
		<ul>
			<li>Crowding is an issue, but only once or twice a week.</li>
			<li>Vote: Should the bean-bag sofa stay?
			<ul>
				<li>Strongly against: 3</li>
				<li>Mildly against: 1</li>
				<li>Indifferent: 2</li>
				<li>Mildly in favour: 1</li>
				<li>Strongly in favour: 6</li>
			</ul></li>

			<li class="action">Rebecca: Minute in the next meeting that this is to be re-examined again.</li>
		</ul></li>
	</ul>

<span class="closed">Meeting closed at 19:12.</span>

</td>
</tr>
</table>
</body>
</html>