<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN"
    "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
	<title>Minutes of ICSF Committee Meeting, 03/05/05</title>
	<meta name="Description" content="icsf (Imperial College Union Science Fiction, Fantasy and Horror Society) Website" />
 	<meta name="Reply-to" content="icsf@ic.ac.uk" />
	<link type="text/css" rel="stylesheet" href="/scc/icsf/resources/style.css" />

</head>
<body class="bodyMedium">
<table width="95%" cellpadding="4" class="bodyDark" align="center"><tr><td class="bodyLight">

<h2>Minutes of ICSF Committee Meeting, 03/05/05</h2>
<p><b>Present:</b> Present: Simon, Kath, Ben, Malc, Alex, Ali, Ian, Tim, Cristina, Small Tom, Viv<br />
<b>Apologies:</b> The society apologises for Mital<br />
<b>AWOL:</b> Karne, Mouse</p>
<p><i>Meeting opens: 1822</i></p>




<h3>Chair's business</h3>

<p><b>Budget:</b><br />
We've been given our first budget increase for five years!<br />
We should have ~&pound;350 for Copyright Materials, &pound;50 for Materials and Repair, &pound;100 Speakers, &pound;10 publicity<br />
Might be able to move money between categories too<br />
Minus membership dues, this leaves a total effective subsidy of ~&pound;450</p>

<p><b>Events:</b><br />
H2G2 trip(s) - the splinter trips were more popular than the Saturday morning trip. Because it was in the morning.<br />
But everyone who wanted to see it got to see it? Yes, we think so.<br />
We'll need a Star Wars trip at some point. <i>Kath volunteers to organise this.</i><br />
Any other events we should be running this term? Maybe an end of year barnight. <i>Kath again to look into it.</i><br />
Maybe an end of year dinner? <i>Decision to be deferred until after people's exams.</i></p>
<br />


<h3>Treasurer's Report</h3>

<p>This year we have 86 members.<br />
If we get that many next year, we'll get all our money.<br />
Thanks to Malcolm and Simon's hard work, next year we have a lower target membership and a larger budget.<br />
This year's refundables currently stand at ~&pound;1230.<br />
There is no money left in the Copyright Materials budget however.<br />
<i>Malcolm spends a few minutes explaining Union financial procedures.</i><br />
From the road trip, ~&pound;65 was spent on books, &pound;75 on petrol.</p>
<br />


<H3>Librarian's Report</h3>

<p>The library is still here and not on fire, and there are still books.<br />
The new set of shelves still doesn't quite have all its shelves in, but it's okay, and there are things on it.<br />
Should the library contain a giant purple snake? <i>Most people vote 'yes'.</i><br />
<i>(There is discussion of where to put it)</i><br />
Do we want to run another bookcrawl before the end of term to spend some of our refundables? Maybe.</p>
<br />


<h3>Wyrm/Fanzine Editor's stuff</h3>

<p>Ben's exams are over in two weeks, he'll start working again then.<br />
There will definitely be a Fanzine this summer.<br />
Ben has some material already; if he gets nothing else, it will be a Fanzine entirely of his work...<br />
<i>Alex to start spamming the list begging for things</i><br />
<i>(members' names are suggested for contributions)</i></p>

<p>Ali to start badgering Ben about Picocon authors for next year when his exams are over.<br />
Cambridge University have close contact w/ Susannah Clarke (author of Jonathan Strange and Mr Norell), we might be able to ask her to come down. NB - Susannah Clarke is nominated for Hugos.<br />
As a point of interest, all this year's Hugo nominees are British authors.<br />
Preparations for next year's Picocon are, broadly speaking, under control.</p>
<br />



<h3>Hay On Wye</h3>

<p>We bought a lot of books at super-cheap prices (30p-&pound;1 each)<br />
We had a good time.<br />
We would like to do something similar again in the future.<br />
It would be nice to have two nights away, but it's hard to find time that everyone can make without it being a Bank Holiday.<br />
The trip is broadly to be considered a success, although this year was essentially a test run to show that such a thing could be done again.</p>

<p><i>People to be considered to be reimbursed are not to vote in the following bit:</i><br />
There have been requests totalling &pound;75 for petrol money, do we reimburse these?</p>

<p>Is paying for petrol money a good use of members' money?<br />
Well, did the trip benefit the society?<br />
We bought roughly 30 books over the weekend.<br />
Was the trip made available to the society as a whole?<br />
Yes, it was advertised via emails to both the main list and the committee list, although more heavily on the comm list.<br />
How many people who went aren't committee? Six - four members, two non-members. There is some possibility the trip could be seen as a 'committee and friends' trip, rather than a society one.<br />
For future: advertise more heavily to the list.<br />
But we had as many people as we could possibly take!<br />
Then also ask whether there'd be any other people willing to volunteer as drivers.<br />
Only two people who wanted to go weren't able to this year.<br />
Next year we might have people who could drive a minibus.<br />
Next year's chair is mandated to organise an event fully, with full advertising to both lists, and contact with SAC.<br />
But what if we threw a trip and everyone came?<br />
Put a list up, and have strictly enforced first come, first served policy.<br />
In summary, the trip wasn't run perfectly, but was a good first attempt.</p>

<p><i>A vote is taken, and it is agreed to reimburse people for petrol.</i></p>




<h3>AOB?</H3>

<p>Please lock the cupboard when you leave the library.<br />
Also, put the cash box away, even more importantly. Even if you're not leaving the library, put it away when you're done.<br />
The library has been broken into in the past, and money has been taken, so this isn't just an idle request, it's a genuine security concern.</p>

<p>As regards the new committee taking over: we'll have a handover meeting later in the year.<br />
New committee meanwhile to learn their jobs from their predecessors.<br />
Financial responsibility forms to be signed by the end of the year by the relevant people.<br />
These forms to be acquired from SAC (or Simon)<br />
Simon's office is going to have an anticlockwise clock on the wall.</p>



<h3>AOAOB?</h3>

<p>Praise Bob, mock Phil.</p>

<p><i>Meeting closed: 1851</i></p>
<!-- last page:  -->
<!-- next page: latest set of minutes-->
</td></tr></table>
</body>
</html>