<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN"
    "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
	<title>Minutes of ICSF Committee Meeting, 01/11/04</title>
	<meta name="Description" content="icsf (Imperial College Union Science Fiction, Fantasy and Horror Society) Website" />
 	<meta name="Reply-to" content="icsf@ic.ac.uk" />
	<link type="text/css" rel="stylesheet" href="/scc/icsf/resources/style.css" />

</head>
<body class="bodyMedium">
<table width="95%" cellpadding="4" class="bodyDark" align="center"><tr><td class="bodyLight">



<h2>Minutes of ICSF Committee Meeting, 01/11/04</h2>
<p><b>Present</b> - Simon (chair), Kath (vice), Malcolm (treasurer), Ben (fanzine/wyrm ed), Ian (librarian), Shuri (librarian), Ali (Picocon sofa), Alex (sec), Tiny Tom, Robbie, Baz, Mouse, Tim<br />
<b>Apologies</b> - the society apologises for Mital<br />
<b>awol</b> - nemo<br />
<i>Meeting opened 1810</i></p>


<P>Simon apologises for lack of agenda. NB Not lack of "a gender"<br />
Minutes are available on the website as ever; they are duly approved.</P>


<h3>Chair's Report</h3>
<P>No business</P>


<h3>Treasurer's Report</h3>
<P>47 paid in members, 9 to be paid in tomorrow. We're doing well for this time of year.<br />
We have £620 +/-£50 in refundables<br />
Treasurer has received no receipts yet; they would be appreciated<br />
Ben has donated "Ninja" and "Mysteries of the Gods"; he receives a vote of thanks for the former, and of censure for the latter.</P>


<h3>Librarians' Report</h3>
<P>Ian not buying things just yet due to lack of money and need to buy a shelf. Now we have money and people pledging to sponsor the shelf<br />
The bookcrawl is this Saturday, stuff will be bought then<br />
We're going to meet at South Ken station at 12:00<br />
There will be further buying later in the year if appropriate (monetarily and in terms of demand)<br />
Money for bookshelf to go to Shuri, who is then to invoice the Union later<br />
Shelves to be delivered to Ben's house as he lives nearby, lots of people have volunteered to help carry it<br />
People to help assemble shelves. Alex foolishly says "How hard can it be?" Alex to take blame if they fall apart<br />
Ben to type up the the quote list<br />
Shuri requests that we clean up the library; in response, we'd like a bigger bin<br />
Duty librarian rota to be printed off - <I>Ian volunteers</I><br />
We shouldn't stay in the library overnight on pain of spanking, whether from Shuri or the security guard. Neither would be fun though</P>


<h3>Events this term:</h3>
<P>Kath to organise barnight once coursework goes away<br />
LotR to be viewed once RotK:extended comes out<br />
Start a voting poll for christmas dinner - need options for both time and place<br />
Are any cinema trips planned? Nothing much coming out at the moment by way of SciFi, but National Film Theatre showing lots of horror films, also Imax showing LotR although only weedy cinematic versions</p>


<h3>Picocon 22:</h3>
<P>Porcupine Books and Fantasy Centre both agreed to come; talk to Playing Games. They did well last year though.<br />
Authors are coming; need to finally decide re: Stephen Baxter's train fare<br />
Need to notify various lists, Publicity, in time for the Ton<br />
Other stuff (eg silly games) to be arranged nearer the time<br />
<br />
<I>[Enter Dave Clements at 1831]</I><br />
<br />
Ton meet 1st Thursday of December; a representative really should go to that<br />
Also this Thursday at the Florence Nightingale; a representative really should go to that too<br />
Robby to organise since Dave is out of the country<br />
Possible Picocon slogan: "More Famous People Per Cubic Inch Than Worldcon" - technically true (the best kind of true)<br />
Less Futurama quotes! Fewer! Less! Fewer! <I>etc - Sec reserves right to curtail debates on grounds of tedium</I><br />
Tiny Tom to print out the flyer thingy, with dates (19th Feb), places, times<br />
Bookmarks a great success last year since they actually are functional too<br />
Suggestion of beermats, although this doesn't seem to be practical<br />
Simon is not running the Picocon Quiz, but can people start writing questions/rounds please<br />
Questions of varying beardiness allowed; we'd rather that the sources be available and the questions obscure not vice versa<br />
Obscure questions on obscure subjects can be submitted, but please don't be offended if they don't get in<br />
Simon to talk to MT soc about making absolutely double-sure we have the room</p>


<h3>Other Stuff</h3>

<P>How did Femtocon go?<br />
-Freshers seemed to like it<br />
-SNAFU w/ tables, but we survived</P>

<P>Wyrmtongue?<br />
When Ben gets stuff, ie When we get a deadline<br />
Optimistically, "Fanzine submissions?" Much laughter.<br />
We want Robbie's NaNoWriMo novel. Not his navel.<br />
Baz's is unpublishable. But only bad, not Gor-slash or anything.</P>

<P>Reading group to actually take shape when Kath's coursework goes away</P>

<P>AOAOB? <I>(Any Other Any Other Business)</I><br />
We need to get a new Publicity Officer - Let's get a keen fresher to do it (One of Smithers, Ed, Vicky?)<br />
Advertise events in Union emails, Felix, Live? - Not many people read Live, but any free advertising is good<br />
Baz knows one of the Live people - he is duly volunteered<br />
Malc to do the budget soon<br />
Where is Small Tom?<br />
Monies for the shelf to Shuri</P>


<p><i>Meeting closes 1845, ALL ASSEMBLED ADJOURN TO THE PUB!!</i></p>
<!-- last page:  -->
<!-- next page: latest set of minutes-->
</td></tr></table>
</body>
</html>










