<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN"
    "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
	<title>Minutes of ICSF Committee Meeting, 15/02/05</title>
	<meta name="Description" content="icsf (Imperial College Union Science Fiction, Fantasy and Horror Society) Website" />
	<link type="text/css" rel="stylesheet" href="/scc/icsf/resources/style.css" />

</head>
<body class="bodyMedium">
<table width="95%" cellpadding="4" class="bodyDark" align="center"><tr><td class="bodyLight">



<h2>Minutes of ICSF Committee Meeting, 15/02/05</h2>
<P><B>Present:</b> Present: Kath (Chair of Vice), Ben (Fanzine/Wyrm Ed), Malc (Treasurer), Alex (Sec), Ian, Tim, Cristina, Baz, Karne, Tiny Tom & Nell<br />
<b>Apologies:</b> Simon (SAC meeting), Ali (delayed in labs)</P>

<P><I>Meeting opens: 1841</I></P>

<h3>Treasurer's Report</h3>

<P>Profits and Losses form was given out as a handout.<br />
Copies still available for those who desire them; financial records also available online.<br />
Net profit for the year ~&pound;430<br />
In past years our total income after VAT has been about -&pound;50. We're not doing too badly.<br />
9 new members signed up at Picocon.<br />
79 total ICU members.</P>

<P>Picocon expenditures: &pound;35 on DoDM - maybe a bit much, but it led to lots of donations to RAG<br />
We should try to keep to &pound;15-&pound;20 next year, plus whatever members wish to donate.<br />
Carparking ended up being more expensive than it needed to be as it was only arranged on the day.<br />Slightly lower Picocon turnout than last year, but the lack of a film balances costs.<br />
We normally aim for 150 attendees, and normally get 120. This year we had 105, not including committee.</P>

<P>Is there a line on the sheet for 'budget available'? Yes, but the amount of that that will be released is dependent on our number of members.<br />
Only 76% of budget has actually been released yet, so we may lose &pound;20 from refundables at the end of the year.<br />
We currently have approximately &pound;1,250 in refundables.<br />
How much do we want to spend? Consider that last year we spent A LOT.<br />
This year we started with &pound;300 in refundables, and that was cutting it quite fine. Had we had any financial crises, we could have ended up in big trouble.<br />
Malcolm suggests that we spend some money, but also attempt to leave ~&pound;500 in refundables for year end.<br />
Quite probable that ~&pound;200 has already been spent on things that haven't yet been processed through the budget, so we may only have another &pound;500 to spend before year end.<br />
What's the thing about the Union's 5 year plan for budgets? Doesn't seem to be in place yet, so we don't need to worry.</P>

<P><I>Enter Mouse 1847.</I></P>

<P>Financial plan for the rest of the year - aim to keep &pound;500 in refundables, and make a small profit overall this year.<br />
Last year we may have spent a bit much.</P>


<h3>Picocon, then</h3>

<P><i>Enter Ali, 1850</I></P>

<P>Ah, just the man we were waiting for.<br />
There's an email from Lorna that covers a lot of the points, so let's work through that:</P>

<h4>Communication and Planning</h4>
<P>Preparation on the day was a bit chaotic.<br />
Programme should have been printed the day before, at least.<br />
Signs needed to have been done earlier.<br />
Email should have been done earlier, but at least it was done at all, which is better than some years.<br />
Harvest email addresses from registration forms for next year's email list.<br />
Better representation needed at things like Ton meets, BSFA.<br />
Coincide a barnight with the Ton?<br />
Proofread the programme, flyers, etc better. Don't mis-spell authors' names!!</P>

<P><I>Enter Simon, 1853</i><br />
Simon needs to kill David Michaelis because he's evil and he should die.<br />
He cannot add two vectors and he's supposedly been doing it for two years.</P>

<P>There *was* web information, but it was quite late going up.<br />
We need to sort out at least a provisional timetable by Christmas next year, and a completed timetable at least a month in advance.<br />
A lot of things we *did* start early, but couldn't do until near the time because we didn't have enough info.<br />
Website now has Picocon general details, rather than sparse Picocon 23 page. - Good idea.<br />
Otherwise we have a near-blank website half the year.<br />
Any idea of hit count on the site? Not really.<br />
Any idea of the breakdown of attendees? Could be done.<br />
More use of committee list, IRC for planning? Not that many people use IRC. Maybe we should.<br />
Old generation seem to use different methods of communication.<br />
Use committee list, it's the best overlap and the first line of communication.</P>

<h4>Setup</h4>
<P>Power in dB's was the Union's fault. However, we should have had a plan B.<br />
We need to make a note of what was done so that we can fix it next year if possible.<br />
Put instructions on the Wiki?<br />
dB's wasn't a perfect venue. Rather too dark, and it was bloody COLD!<br />
Hopefully next year we'll get the rooms we want.<br />
We're apparently on CHUG [Concert Hall Users Group] for next year, but we need to decide when we need it.<br />
It was easier to get computers into dB's than upstairs.<br />
ABout the cold: apparently aircon was on full blast. Could theoretically be warmer next time round.<br />
Try to sort that out for next year if we want to use it again.<br />
It isn't a bad place - lots of small tables, and a big room.<br />
Doors were an issue. They needed to be propped open better, and ended up being a bottleneck a lot of the time.<br />
The main desk was between the two doors. This restricted access to the second door.<br />
It's not really possible to move it though, as that'd be blocking more exits.<br />
Could we use a smaller table? Not remotely feasible. We need at least that much space for stuff.<br />
Could we have the main desk outside? Not unless we produce Picocon duffel coats instead of t-shirts.<br />
Picocon t-shirts would have been good. People asked at BSFA about them - could have made some money.<br />
Ali to prod Smithers over the summer. Or maybe find an artist less perpetually busy.<br />
Ask lots of people, get lots of designs, use the ones we like!<br />
But we don't have many artists.<br />
Anyone still in touch with Alia? Baz is. But we can't really keep relying only on her.<br />
Maybe we'll get an arty fresher next year.<br />
Put out an appeal to the main list too; it may be that some members we don't know are artistic.<br />
If we get excess artwork we can use it for the Fanzine too.</P>

<h4>Organisation on the Day</h4>
<P>Lorna suggests Picocon chair should stay by front desk. This seems a little unfair and impractical.<br />
Ali was sufficiently in contact, and other people were around.<br />
There seemed to be committee on hand whenever and wherever they were needed.<br />
The plan certainly was to have Ali or Simon at or near the front desk at all times.<br />
Apart from at setup, finding them didn't seem to be an issue. They were running around at first, but then things calmed down.<br />
Maybe make the committee more visible - big coloured stickers, or ICSF t-shirts next year.<br />
Also next year, try to keep the Illuminati to committee and approved helpers only. This year we had too many cooks.<br />
Front desk was chaotic at times, but there's not a lot we could have done about it.<br />
People arrived in groups, there's no easy way to get around that.<br />
The problem comes when people want to be in talks, panel games, etc, and it's hard to get desk staff.<br />
Could we close the desk earlier then to let people go to those?<br />
Well, the last person to sign in was about 15.00 - and the desk didn't close until 17.00 - could have closed 2 hours earlier.<br />
But it's an information desk as well as a sign-in desk. As such it needs to be open all the time.<br />
On the subject of the front desk, we should have had a float - needed more change.<br />
Anything physical needs to exist a week before next year.<br />
We're not going to take chances again.<br />
Allows for proofreading as well.<br />
Wyrmtongue to go out to members AT LEAST a week beforehand, more would be better.</P>

<h4>Rooms, and the fishfight (in a seamless transition, no less)</h4>
<P>dB's wasn't too bad; if only we could have sorted out the heating and light.<br />
What about the other rooms?<br />
The gym wasn't used, except that people were crashing around in there, which was slightly disruptive to talks.<br />
How did the dining hall work? It looks good, works well for talks. Closer than concert hall, less intimidating.<br />
Last year we had videos in the gym, Alia's artwork, human curling.<br />
Move the fish duel up into the gym next year? Probably not. The mess and the smell would be prohibitive.<br />
There still will be "not a fish duel" next year.<br />
Will we require the Cambridge champion to be a current student? Maybe.<br />
What are we going to do about our champion?<br />
Begin training the champion earlier next year.<br />
Alex has tweed jackets, he could be his/her watcher.<br />
Final thoughts on the fish fight? We didn't win, but we scored a moral victory.</P>

<h4>Authors</h4>
<P>Not the biggest names in the world, but not bad.<br />
Ali intends to start inviting for next year now. Only invite three at a time, though.<br />
Jones, Grimwood spoke well; Stableford waffled a little. Interesting talk, but a bit dry.<br />
Should maybe have had a stricter time limit.<br />
Authors' minders who aren't Kath really ought to turn up on time.<br />
Jake came up with good questions, helped drive his talk along.<br />
Panel needs to have a topic. There were some questions, but it diverged a lot.<br />
We didn't really know what we wanted from the panel. <br />
Did we want questions from the audience, or authors talking amongst themselves?<br />
Questions went to the list, but may have been too broad to get many responses.<br />
Flat questions don't tend to work.</P>

<h4>Other points of organisation</h4>
<P>The silly games went very well. Many thanks to Dave for running them again.<br />
The two kids running around weren't a real problem and added to the atmosphere.<br />
Never let it be said that we're not a family friendly con, Barney's death notwithstanding.<br />
One of the Mornington Crescent players didn't know the rules! Ergo, next year we need to skew the team selection a little.<br />
Maybe pick from committee members, although, granted, not all of us are great at extemporaneous speaking.<br />
Next year, we'll pick one from each house ahead of time, and three volunteers on the day.<br />
Take them aside and explain to them the format of the Silly Games hour and the rules of specific games if required.<br />
Does this break Mornington Crescent? Isn't the point that people are meant to be slightly confused?<br />
It's not too bad for everyone, the teams will play along and the joke will be on the crowd.<br />
Alcohol for the Mornington Crescent teams next year would produce more random results.<br />
In the interest of getting interesting and witty people, we could have game teams not from the con Teams.</P>

<P>And talking of teams, do we want to continue Teams next year?<br />
Last year it was a great success.<br />
This year it wasn't as visible to people as they came in.<br />
Not everyone was told what was going on when they came in.<br />
Desk staff physically COULDN'T stop and talk to everyone.<br />
In some ways it's good to have committee independent of teams, but last year we were the ones who kickstarted it.<br />
We could make everyone be in a team, but make committee badges a little different and visible.<br />
Eg team badges as normal, but coloured to show committee status.<br />
Or strip the Illuminati down to a very select group, eg Chair, Vice Chair, Picocon Sofa.<br />
Also, next year, we should ask someone to be in charge of running the wide game. Suggesting games, awarding points, etc.<br />
Hats are better than mascots. They're easier to steal.<br />
We need more planning for teams and hats next year.</p>

<P>The quiz worked well with a lot of short rounds.<br />
The picture round worked especially well.<br />
Thanks to everyone who submitted questions - lots of questions left for next year.<br />
Try themed questions rather than series questions.<br />
Quizmaster should collect questions then organise them as he/she sees fit.<br />
Teams need more stuff to do.<br />
Finding things was done quite well.<br />
However, poker chips work maybe better than origami.<br />
Spontaneous events are great! Last year we had the cracker eating.<br />
Team organiser person needs to issue arbitrary challenges throughout the day, to whomever he can find.</p>

<P>Timing? The start time seemed okay.<br />
Lorna says it should have gone on longer at the end, but what more could we really have done?<br />
The LAN was still going. Karne had to throw people off at the end.<br />
Maybe a longer lunch? DoDM sort of ate into it.<br />
With access to the Union's PA system we could announce the start of things better and tighten up the timing.<br />
Or just get Steve to bellow.<br />
Steve to be ICSF's official toastmaster.</P>

<P>Lorna's final complaint is that she says she's been to the same con 5 times.<br />
We do things that've been popular in the past - what else should we do?<br />
Could run a game of Killer during the con.<br />
Talk to other people who run cons for ideas.</P>

<h4>For next year.</h4>
<P>Invest in a wallplanner, put important dates on it - BSFA dates, Tons, deadlines, etc so that we can work better toward them.<br />
*Simon says nothing*<br />
A leaflet that would be useful for next year is directions to cash machines.<br />
Ali is not doing this [being Picocon Sofa] again next year.<br />
Ali plans to try to land at least one big name author before the end of the year.<br />
Get suggestions to him, he'll do the running around bits.<br />
Stephen Baxter? May not be terribly happy after the confusion this time round.<br />
Only 2 1/2 weeks to AGM. Thereafter Ali and new Sofa can collaborate on whom to invite. No need to rush it.<br />
We don't know who that's going to be yet. Ben is willing to stand for Sofa, but would want help.<br />
Picocon Sofa is carefully so named. Don't be afraid to ask for help. In the past we've had a Picocon subcommittee.<br />
Eemeli may be back next year, we can ask him for ideas.<br />
Baz isn't relevant. <I>(There was a reason for this, it wasn't just random insulting)</I><br />
Simon isn't running for any committee positions - well, maybe Dalek racing officer.<br />
Congrats to Cristina and Tim for Dalek facelifts.</P>

<P>Oh, how did the filming go?<br />
Well, they got most of the events. Didn't hang around for the quiz.<br />
They've said they might have their first showing at Picocon next year.<br />
During silly games they interviewed the authors in the library.<br />
That went well, except that one of Gwyneth Jones' books fell on her head.<br />
The film crew may want to come by the library somewhen, to talk to people about their reactions; contact will be through Ali.<br />
Any major issues? Not really. Only three or four people didn't want to be filmed.<br />
One camera was in the talks, one was roaming.<br />
We should watch the tape before we show it at Picocon 23.<br />
Does the library have a copy of Evil Overlord yet? No. Baz to get on it.<br />
Are there any plans for Evil Overlord 2? The script exists. And there's a big sheep in it, apparently.</P>

<h4>Any suggestions for next year?</h4>
<P>Tighter timing, if we can.<br />
Ali to collaborate with the new Sofa about what reasonable deadlines are.<br />
Put stuff on the Wiki - it needs information and it'll help future committees.<br />
When writing Wiki pages, be copious with links (within reason, thankyou Baz)<br />
Have a play with it and work out how it works. It's fairly robust and you're unlikely to break it.</P>

<P>Whom would we like as GoH next year?<br />
Tom Holt? Lives in Surrey, British, famous, funny.<br />
Charlie Stross? Will bring in the oldies.<br />
Robert Rankin? Mad old man.<br />
We need a good spread of authors - a 'classic', an 'upcoming', and a 'popular'.<br />
We also don't want three super-famous acts - we'd all explode.<br />
Corollary - make sure we invite people who don't hate each other.<br />
Offer big names their first choice of any weekend in Feb.<br />
And then as soon there is a date, get it straight in to Ansible.<br />
Try not to clash with things like Eastercon.<br />
We've also lost people when we've clashed with Filk Cons apparently.<br />
But... filkers... are they really the sort of people we're sad to miss?<br />
Alex McLintock thought that either Kath or Cristina was Ali. <I>Not sure why this is a relevant point - Sec</I><br />
When choosing authors, please let's try not to have their works ripped apart in the library first.<br />
On the subject of which, apparently Gwyneth Jones wanted a body. Alive or dead, animal or human? Nobody knows...</P>



<H3>Fanzine:</H3>
<P>Ben has been promised submissions.<br />
As there have been no Wyrms, old subs for that can be used.<br />
Send emails to the list asking for more stuff.<br />
People were stressed about Picocon before, so send requests now.<br />
If you leave it too late, people will be stressed about exams.<br />
Lorna is a very reliable writer, and can write stuff at fairly short notice if you ask nicely.</P>


<H3>Website:</h3>
<P>Some redesigning may be at hand - what would people want changed/added?<br />
Collate social/library? Really not feasible. Too many pages.
Better front page, with more links to pertinent things.<br />
Calendar and events more prominent<br />
A counter? 7 years ago Sabbs said 'no'; things should have changed so that may now be possible.<br />
IRC java client needs tweaking and tidying up.<br />
Emails to go out asking for recommendations for fixing/changes.<br />
Bits that have been added, eg PHP news board, to be better integrated into the site as a whole.</p>

<P>Do things that are there now get used?<br />
Do people have bios? (Everyone does)<br />
Do people have pictures? (Tim and Cristina don't)<br />
If people want new pictures, email Mouse<br />
Photos of events can, and should, be uploaded to galleries online.<br />
Can we have a Picocon photographer? Steve (Jolly)? Or Scots Dave?<br />
They don't need to be works of art, just so we have something to show.</P>

<h3>AOB?</h3>
<P>Hail Simon, DPC&S elect.<br />
We are grateful to Mital for turning up with the fish key.<br />
Apparently there were three Mitals on the LAN.</P>

<h3>Any Other Serious Business?</h3>
<P>Appreciation to Ian who drove all round London the night before.<br />
It was a glorious adventure.</P>






<P><I>Meeting closed: 2006</I></P>
<!-- last page:  -->
<!-- next page: latest set of minutes-->
</td></tr></table>
</body>
</html>




