<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN"
    "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
	<title>Minutes of ICSF Committee Meeting, 31/01/05</title>
	<meta name="Description" content="icsf (Imperial College Union Science Fiction, Fantasy and Horror Society) Website" />
 	<meta name="Reply-to" content="icsf@ic.ac.uk" />
	<link type="text/css" rel="stylesheet" href="/scc/icsf/resources/style.css" />

</head>
<body class="bodyMedium">
<table width="95%" cellpadding="4" class="bodyDark" align="center"><tr><td class="bodyLight">

<h2>Minutes of ICSF Committee Meeting, 31/01/05</h2>

<P><B>Present:</b> Simon (Chair), Kath (Chair of Vice), Malc (Treasurer), Ali (Sofa), Ian (Librarian), Alex (Secretary), Ben (Fanzine/Wyrm editor), Steve, Tim, Cristina, Vicky, Tiny Tom, Phil<br />
<B>Apologies:</B> Duncan (at RCC meeting), the society apologises for Mital<br />
<B>AWOL:</B> nemo</P>

<p><I>Meeting Opens 1830</I></p>

<P>Simon's greetings to all.<br />
Chair's business: none, so mind your own.</P>

<h3>Treasurer's report:</h3>
<P>&pound;745 in refundables<br />
66 members, 3 more to pay in - equal to last year<br />
4 life members, 1 "donation"<br />
Next year's budget - &pound;600 copyright materials, &pound;50 repair and equip, &pound;100 speakers for Picocon, assuming no change in membership fees.<br />
Target membership to be dropped to 75 from 100.</P>

<P><I>Enter Mouse, 1832</I></P>

<P>Books to be bought from authors at Picocon - details to be arranged.<br />
Road trip cost? Alex - approx &pound;25 each way.<br />
It's a long way to Hay on Wye, longer still to Tipperary, but still not as far as it is to Kath.<br />
Tom - if we've got this many members, how come we don't see them? They're actually library users, not regulars.<br />
Tiny Tom should stand for something.<br />
Ali isn't going to be Picocon sofa ever again.</P>

<h3>Librarian's Report:</h3>
<P>Stop leaving stuff around, especially those plastic bags.<br />
What about the extra shelves? To be bought forwith.<br />
Shelves to be sent to Ben's place, so that the Union don't misplace them, erroneously bill us for them, etc.</P>

<P><I>Enter Duncan, 1836</I></P>

<P>Committee elections to be sorted out as soon as possible, but organised properly after Picocon.<br />
AGM has to happen this term - probably 1st week of March.</P>

<h3>Road Trip:</h3>
<P>Alex estimates petrol to cost ~&pound;25 each way for his car.<br />
Where are we going to stay?<br />
Who's actually going?<br />
Limit it to 4 per car, including the driver.<br />
3 cars - Ian, Ben, Alex</P>


<h3>So then. Picocon.</h3>

<P><b>Recap:</b> Picocon 22 is less than three weeks away: 19th Feb.<br />
We have three authors: John Courtenay Grimwood [JCG], Brian Stableford [BS], Gwyneth Jones [GJ]<br />
Three sellers: Porcupine Books, Fantasy Centre, Playin' Games<br />
Lots of universities invited<br />
Entry price for people from other unis? &pound;5<br />
Brian Stableford is bringing some of his MA students with him. Standard student price &pound;5 for them too.<br />
Travel expenses for the three authors - &pound;40. JCG is walking.<br />
Tube isn't going that weekend - emails to go out explaining alternatives.<br />
Authors have offered books - see later.</P>

<P><b>Publicity:</b> Ali has attended 2 Ton meets, and 2 BSFA meets, as well as leafletting. Ansible have been informed.<br />
Something for Felix? Cristina volunteers, although it's technically Ben's job. To be done for the one before Picocon.<br />
Email the Union, get it on the events list. - Done.<br />
It's now on the ICSF planner too - better late than never.<br />
Any other online presence than Ansible. Live? ULU paper? Union emails? It can be done, but it's unlikely to get much response.<br />
Steve offers to put up posters in game shops around London. Malcolm to get posters to him.<br />
Last major London event before Picocon this Thursday - another Ton.<br />
Ali has given bookmarks to lots of bookshops. Murder One, IC Waterstones, etc. He has requested more.<br />
2 weekends before Picocon arrives - replacements to be distributed each weekend.<br />
Publicity is in hand.<br />
Michelle offers access to a guillotine.<br />
If there's a trip to Playin Games before Picocon, give them more flyers then maybe.</P>

<P><b>Events:</b> Three authors to talk and do Q&A, wargames doing some stuff, silly games, LAN<br />
UDH to hold the LAN game, booksellers, wargamers.<br />
Discussion whether that should be split up.<br />
Authors in DBs; also DoDM. Check where we can actually destroy stuff though.<br />
Ed to run DoDM. Liquid Nitrogen supply is assured. Ask MechEng nicely to get things like sledgehammers.<br />
There's a chance Ian may have access to a car for ferrying PCs.</P>

<P><b>Actual events:</b> Silly games - Dave Clements to compere, Malc has tube map and some questions left over.<br />
Capture the hat? Oh yes. Pirate hat from Alex, helmet from Steve, hat of shame likewise.<br />
Like last year, points mean prizes.<br />
We might need another meeting to finalise the games.<br />
MT Soc aren't actually using the theater - they have shows on Friday and Monday nights.<br />
Any chance we can give them some kind of badges to ID them so we don't try to charge them by mistake?<br />
Need people to sit on the front desk and take monies.<br />
Do we need Union stewards? No.</P>

<P><B>Authors?</b> JCG wants to do just a Q&A<br />
GJ to talk for 15-20 minutes on Insanity<br />
BS to give a talk on "The Myth of the Space Age"<br />
We need questions prepared for all of them. Especially for GJ. Doubly especially we need to make Adam not be there.<br />
We'd quite like not to offend authors, and Adam really would.<br />
Other famous attendee this year: Mark Roberts<br />
Have we asked them whether they're willing to participate in the panel discussion? We think so, but let's make sure.<br />
Is there a common topic on which the panel can be held? *mumble, not really*<br />
Everyone please read a book for the book club so we have something to talk about.<br />
Book club is convening in two weeks time.<br />
Kath to chair the panel discussion based on what's mentioned in the book club.<br />
Babysitters to chair the Q&A sessions and interviews - they're in the best position to do so.<br />
Ask Jakob for ideas at the least; he might also do some other interviewing, but unfair to impose on him too heavily.</P>

<P>Actual events on the day:</P>

<ul><li>3x Authors</li>
<li>DoDM</li>
<li>Silly Games</li>
<li>Wide Game (capture the hat/scavenger hunt)</li>
<li>Quiz - please send Alex some questions! Ben's doing a quotes round, Baz to do B5, etc</li></ul>

<P>Do the quiz in DBs - hopefully easy access to sound systems?<br />
Why computers, booksellers upstairs, and not in DBs, everything else upstairs? Less stuff to carry up stairs.<br />
Tables? Power? Surmountable obstacles. <br />
Enough chairs? Can we borrow from the cinema? Probably, with MT Soc's consent.<br />
Okay, so computers, booksellers etc in DBs, talks etc in the UDH.<br />
People need to come in nice and early on the Saturday and carry stuff around. 8am?</P>

<P>Offers of copies of GJ's Philip K. Dick-award nominated book, only so far available in the US.<br />
BS has pointed us at his publishers; he has three books coming out which'll be about two weeks out by Picocon.<br />
JCG has no new books out; paperback edition of Stamping Butterflies only just out around then, possibly not ready.<br />
Babysitters should plug an author's book when introducing them.</P>

<P>Damage control email to main list re: GJ's awards? Don't focus too much on that, just Picocon = good.<br />
Bookclub page has links to short stories.<br />
Wiki has a list of past attendees.</P>

<P>Publicity, on the whole, has been going well. People who've been in the past say they will come again this year.<br />
Because we got in early this year, nobody's double-booked.</P>

<P>Timetable to be decided, considering hour-long slots.<br />
GJ, BS, JCG, Panel, DoDM (over lunch), Silly Games, Quiz<br />
Materials for DoDM? Darth Tater, Mysteries of the Gods, etc. Steve offers a pikachu.<br />
But deliberately traumatising little children is bad, mkay.<br />
We need things from our time. But everything from our time was fairly cool.<br />
However, Wily Kit and Wily Kat were not cool.<br />
Ask the shop assistants in Forbidden Planet. *FOR CHARITY* and we're students, and its FOR CHARITY...<br />
Oh, and Jar Jar, and maybe Zoidberg. Also Harry Potter merchandise, some of the bad LotR merchandise.<br />
Alternate authors and not-authors. Silly games to go last, before the quiz.</P>

<p>Right. <B>The Timetable.</b></p>

<P>1000 - Doors open, not a fish duel<br />
1100 - Simon's welcome speech, GJ, not a fish duel<br />
1200 - Lunch, DoDM, not a fish duel<br />
1330 - JCG, not a fish duel<br />
1430 - BS, not a fish duel<br />
1530 - Panel, not a fish duel<br />
1630 - Silly Games, not a fish duel<br />
1730 - <br />
1800 - Quiz, not a fish duel<br />
1900 - Close, not a fish duel</P>

<P>After that - dinner for authors. Ask authors for preferences, dietary requirements.<br />
Speakers' budget to go toward babysitters' meals too.<br />
Refreshments - Da Vincis will be open from noon. Not doing food, as the union can be awkward about that.<br />
Wyrmtongue - a whole Wyrm, and a handout sheet with info for the day.<br />
Last year we forgot to print things for the reception desk, eg sheet saying what the prices are.<br />
Ali and Simon are in control. One of them outside any talk to keep control of the rest of the con.<br />
Malc to ensure the cashbag from Dave Parry, access to the union safe in the bar.</P>

<P>We need to fix Norfolk. He's not very well. Tiny Tom to be "Repairer in Chief of Daleks".<br />
Bring back Dalek racing for 2006? Steve had something similar at Geekon, ask him.<br />
Dalek wars? Dalek jousting? Inflatable daleks? DoDM...<br />
Appoint a Dalek Racing Officer at the AGM for next year.<br />
Ali apologises for being snappy recently, he's very stressed.</P>

<P><I>*time passes*</i></P>

<h3>AOB?</h3>

<P>Baz loses.<br />
Praise Bob and mock Phil.<br />
We pre-emptively apologise for Mital for the next meeting too.<br />
Remember the Ton on Thursday.<br />
Simon apologises for not existing for the coming 72 hours - labs.<br />
Malc repeats a plea for minions to help cut up bookmarks.<br />
We'd quite like there to be less violence in the library. We're trying not to point fingers...<br />
SciFi film thing? Phil has seen flyers. Ali to post a link to the list.</P>

<P>AOAOB? No.</P>

<P><I>Meeting closed 1946</I></P>

<!-- last page:  -->
<!-- next page: latest set of minutes-->
</td></tr></table>
</body>
</html>