<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN"
    "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
	<title>Minutes - icsf</title>
	<meta name="Description" content="icsf (Imperial College Union Science Fiction, Fantasy and Horror Society) Website" />
 	<meta name="Reply-to" content="icsf@ic.ac.uk" />
	<meta name="Authors" content="Lorna" />
	<link type="text/css" rel="stylesheet" href="/scc/icsf/resources/style.css" />
</head>
<body class="bodyMedium">
<table width="95%" cellpadding="4" class="bodyDark" align="center"><tr><td class="bodyLight">

<h2>1 December 2003</h2>
<p><b>Present</b> -  Robbie (chair), Karne (vice), Mouse (libr), Simon (treas), Tom
(sec), Eemeli (sofa), Baz (editor), Lorna (web), Iain Watson (observer)<br />
<b>Apologies</b> - Richard (pub), Shuri (libr)<br />
<b>awol</b><br />
<i>Meeting opened 18:04</i></p>

<h3>1.0 Minutes</h3>
Iain enquired as to why the minutes are so called. No response was given.<br />
The minutes of the third meeting were passed.<br />

<h3>1.5 Matters Arising</h3>
VCR - Empire Direct are being the absolute shitest company ever, with the worst customer care in the world. They have not sent a VCR.<br />

<h3>2.0 Chair's Business</h3>
The chair had no business

<h3>3.0 Treasurer's Report</h3>
£800 in Refundables<br />
No copyright materials budget left<br />
Need more members (currently 56/100)<br />
Affiliation budget needs spending<br />
Next year's budget will soon need considering<br />
- may not apply for Speakers budget as rarley used<br />
- may just ask for £25 Speakers budget instead<br />

<h3>4.0 Library</h3>
The library is Happy!<br />
Posters needed advertising library and reading in general<br />
We have much stuff by Picocon authors<br />


<h3>5.0 Picocon</h3>
Tickets:<br />
- Full £7<br />
- Concession £5<br />
- ICSF £5 (£3 off voucher available)<br />
- Movie £3<br />
<br />
Fantasy Centre and Dave Laley coming<br />
Nothing heard from Porcupine<br />
£30 to be given to Karne for DoDM<br />
Quiz - Simon not to write all the questions<br />

<h3>6.0 Wyrmtongue</h3>
Cover art needed - 2 Freshers can draw<br />
Too much recommended books this time<br />
More articles needed<br />
Deadlines need to be announced<br />

<h3>7.0 Documentation</h3>
Constitution and Code of Conduct approved with no changes<br />
<br />
Risk Assesment<br />
- delete stairs clause - from portacabin days<br />
- change fire clause - no extinguishers in library<br />

<h3>8.0 First Term</h3>
Duty librarians choose videos next term<br />

<h3>9.0 Christmas Dinner</h3>
Star has 11 votes<br />
Pierinos has 7 votes<br />
Probably go to pierinos anyway as some people have objected to Star and it will probably be booked<br />
Simon said nothing<br />
Robbie said NO!<br />

<h3>10.0 AOB</h3>
None<br />
<br />
Next meeting in the first week of term<br />
<p><i>Meeting Closed 19:15</i></p>
<!-- last page:  -->
<!-- next page: latest set of minutes-->
</td></tr></table>
</body>
</html>