<!DOCTYPE html>
<!--ICSF Committee-->
<!--2011-10-31-->
<!---->
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
	<title>Minutes of ICSF Committee Meeting, 31/10/11</title>
	<meta name="Description" content="icsf (Imperial College Union Science Fiction, Fantasy and Horror Society) Website" />
 	<meta name="Reply-to" content="icsf@ic.ac.uk" />
	<link type="text/css" rel="stylesheet" href="/scc/icsf/resources/style.css" />
	<link type="text/css" rel="stylesheet" href="/scc/icsf/resources/minutes.css" />

</head>
<body class="bodyMedium">
<table width="95%" cellpadding="4" class="bodyDark" align="center">
<tr>
<td class="bodyLight">

<div class="actions">
	<h3>Actions &amp; Motions</h3>
	<ul>
		<li class="action">Joseph to Email the Bar (or so my notes say)</li>
		<li class="action">Evenryone to <em>grab that table</em>!</li>
		<li class="action">Amanda to readvertise theevent as having refreshments</li>
		<li class="action">Benedict, Ethel, anyone, everyone to poke Wouter</li>
		<li class="action">Wouter (or delegate) to emila lists about getting relate artworks</li>
		<li class="action">Joe to fix this</li>
	</ul>
	<ul>
		<li class="motion passed">The re-use of last year's Risk Assesemnt (Unanimous)</li>
		<li class="motion passed">Event refreshment funding request (Unanimous)</li>
	</ul>
</div>

<h2>Minutes of ICSF Committee Meeting, 31/10/11</h2>

<span class="opened">Meeting opened at 18:03.</span>

	<h3>Present</h3>
	<div class="peoples">Ethel Bardsley (Chair Entity)
	Amanda Sj&ouml;dahl (Librarian)
	Joseph Britton (Chair of Vice)
	Lucy McGregor (Treasurer)
	Benedict Harcourt (Secretary)
	Andreja Kogov&scaron;ek (Publicity Officer)
	Angela Branaes (Editor)
	Joseph Slade (Tech Priest)
	Rebecca Clark
	Alex Savell
	Rossanah Elsbury
	</div>

	<div class="apologies">Wouter van der Bergh (Picocon Sofa)</div>
	<div class="absent">Maciej Matuszewski (Picocon Beanbag)</div>

<span class="exit">[18:03] Alex Savell exits</span>

	<h3>Apologies And Approval Of Minutes</h3>
	<ul>
		<li>Benedict would like to apologise for being off the ball with writing up minutes
		<ul>
			<li class="since">He'd also like to apologise that he's typed these up late too</li>
			<li class="since">It's all the lurgies fault</li>
		</ul></li>
	</ul>

	<h3>Risk Assesment</h3>
	<ul>
		<li>We need to submit a Risk Assesment to the Union</li>
		<li>The one we used last year is still relevant</li>
		<li>A number of things were discussed as being possibly worth adding:
		<ul>
			<li>'Alcohol Poisoning at Social Events'</li>
			<li>'Risk of Epilepsy'</li>
		</ul></li>
		<li>It was decided that were no more at risk of these than other socieites, and that it would likely cause more questions from the Union as to why we decided to include them</li>
		<li class="motion passed">The re-use of last year's Risk Assesemnt (Unanimous)</li>
	</ul>

	<h3>Next Bar Night</h3>
	<ul>
		<li>It was eventually determined that the next bar night was to be on the Thursday 17th November</li>
		<li>We shall be going to the Union</li>
		<li>Actually booking the union bar is impractical</li>
		<li>It is possible to book a table
		<ul>
			<li class="action">Joseph to Email the Bar (or so my notes say)</li>
		</ul></li>
		<li>It is probably easiest if a couple of people arrive earlier and grab a table</li>
		<li class="action">Evenryone to <em>grab that table</em>!</li>
	</ul>

	<h3>Appropriation of Money for Refreshments at Upcoming Events</h3>
	<ul>
		<li>An amount of Â£50 was requested for the Rocky Horror Evening</li>
		<li class="motion passed">The request was passed (Unanimous)</li>
		<li class="action">Amanda to readvertise theevent as having refreshments</li>
	</ul>

	<h3>Picocon</h3>
	<ul>
		<li>The Picocon sub committee was unfrotunately absent</li>
		<li>We are yet to recieve a progress report from them</li>
		<li class="action">Benedict, Ethel, anyone, everyone to poke Wouter</li>
		<li>We have heard nothing abotu authors yet</li>
		<li>We will also need artwork
		<ul>
			<li>We still have the theme, which is good (Apocolypse)</li>
			<li class="action">Wouter (or delegate) to emila lists about getting relate artworks</li>
		</ul></li>
	</ul>

	<h3>Any Other Business</h3>
	<ul>
		<li>Benedict reports that there is something messed up with email accuonts</li>
		<li>Nobody claims to have seen anything
		<ul>
			<li>Since the meeting, a number of these people have realised they were getting emails they weren't suppose to</li>
		</ul></li>
		<li class="action">Joe to fix this</li>
	</ul>

<span class="closed">Meeting closed at 18:26</span>

</td>
</tr>
</table>
</body>
</html>
