<!DOCTYPE html>
<!--ICSF Committee-->
<!--2011-12-15-->
<!---->
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
	<title>Minutes of ICSF Committee Meeting, 15/12/11</title>
	<meta name="Description" content="icsf (Imperial College Union Science Fiction, Fantasy and Horror Society) Website" />
 	<meta name="Reply-to" content="icsf@ic.ac.uk" />
	<link type="text/css" rel="stylesheet" href="/scc/icsf/resources/style.css" />
	<link type="text/css" rel="stylesheet" href="/scc/icsf/resources/minutes.css" />

</head>
<body class="bodyMedium">
<table width="95%" cellpadding="4" class="bodyDark" align="center">
<tr>
<td class="bodyLight">

<div class="actions">
	<h3>Actions &amp; Motions</h3>
	<ul>
		<li class="action">Benedict to check and circulate times of next BSFA, Tun</li>
		<li class="action">Maciej to poke the list more</li>
		<li class="action">Lucy to obtain lighting from DramSoc</li>
		<li class="action">Maciej to acquire art</li>
		<li class="action">Wouter/Maciej/Delegate ask about what steward we actually need</li>
		<li class="motion passed">Babysitter t-shirts are free; they also get free entry</li>
		<li class="motion passed">Budget of £40 for new chair</li>
		<li class="action">Amanda to buy said chair</li>
		<li class="motion passed">None the less, a budget of £40 was approved for slimmer DVD cases</li>
		<li class="motion passed">A £15 decadence budget is granted for the event of Doomity-Doom</li>
		<li class="action">Lucy to look into getting a Decadence Budget Code</li>
		<li class="action">Amanda to organise a writer's workshop</li>
		<li class="action">RebeccaLiz to cause contact between Jaine Fenn and Amanda</li>
	</ul>
</div>

<h2>Minutes of ICSF Committee Meeting, 15/12/11</h2>

<span class="opened">Meeting opened at 18:06.</span>

	<h3>Present</h3>
	<div class="peoples">Ethel Bardsley (Chair Entity)
	Joseph Britton (Chair of Vice)
	Lucy McGregor (Treasurer)
	Benedict Harcourt (Secretary)
	Wouter van der Bergh (Picocon Sofa)
	Maciej Matuszewski (Picocon Beanbag)
	Rebecca Clark
	Joseph Henderson
	And Others</div>

	<h3>Apologies</h3>
	<div class="peoples">Andreja Kogov&scaron;ek (Publicity Officer)
	Joseph Slade (Tech Priest)</div>

	<h3>Absent</h3>
	<div class="peoples">Angela Branaes (Editor)</div>

	<h3>Apologies And Approval Of Minutes</h3>
	<ul>
		<li>Apologies were received from those members listed above</li>
		<li>Minutes of the Picocon Subcommittee Meeting 08/12/11 were accepted without amendment</li>
		<li>Minutes of the Committee Meeting 31/10/11 were accepted without amendment</li>
	</ul>

	<h3>Chair's Report</h3>
	<ul>
		<li>The society has not yet imploded</li>
	</ul>

	<h3>Treasurer's Report</h3>
	<ul>
		<li>The SCC Treasurer wishes us to spend our grant</li>
		<li>Books have been purchased</li>
		<li>It is noted that the financial system is a broken, mind-warping mess</li>
	</ul>

	<h3>Librarian's Report</h3>
	<ul>
		<li>Books have been purchased</li>
		<li>People with overdue books will shortly be...dealt with.</li>
	</ul>

	<h3>Picocon</h3>

	<ul>
		<li>Some things are going well</li>
		<li>People are advised to refer to the subcommittee minutes that have been given</li>
		<li>Wouter names himself to be, in some respects, an incompetent fool</li>
		<li>We do not yet have authors
		<ul>
			<li>This is being dealt with.</li>
			<li>There is no need to panic</li>
			<li>The von Clements is all mighty</li>
			<li>It is once again suggest we get some comics authors</li>
		</ul></li>
		<li class="action">Benedict to check and circulate times of next BSFA, Tun</li>
	</ul>

	<h4>LAN</h4>
	<ul>
		<li>Semi-Dave doesn't want to run it</li>
		<li>Running DEFCON and Unreal Tournament</li>
		<li>There were suggestions that we could have a Turkey Game</li>
	</ul>

	<h4>Artwork</h4>
	<ul>
		<li class="action">Maciej to poke the list more</li>
	</ul>

	<h4>Lighting in Metric</h4>
	<ul>
		<li class="action">Lucy to obtain lighting from DramSoc</li>
	</ul>

	<h4>Teams</h4>
	<ul>
		<li>Teams
		<ul>
			<li>Nukes</li>
			<li>Zombies</li>
			<li>Elder God Tentacles From The Sky (EGT-FroTS)</li>
		</ul></li>
		<li class="action">Maciej to acquire art</li>
	</ul>

	<h4>Rooms</h4>
	<ul>
		<li>There is a minimum spend of £250 / per bar</li>
		<li>It is not viable to have Metric bar open too
		<ul>
			<li>Also, I lack delicious ales</li>
		</ul></li>
		<li>We apparently need three stewards (per bar?)</li>
		<li class="action">Wouter/Maciej/Delegate ask about what steward we actually need</li>
	</ul>

	<h4>Publicity</h4>
	<ul>
		<li>A simple poster is to be made in advance of actual artwork</li>
	</ul>

	<h4>Liquid Nitrogen</h4>
	<ul>
		<li>There are fears over the accessibility of it</li>
		<li>We are certainly not going to let it be stored in the library</li>
	</ul>

	<h4>Entrance Prices</h4>
	<ul>
		<li class="motion passed">Babysitter t-shirts are free; they also get free entry</li>
	</ul>

	<h3>New Equipment</h3>

	<h4>New Office Chair</h4>
	<ul>
		<li>We could do with one</li>
		<li class="motion passed">Budget of £40 for new chair</li>
		<li class="action">Amanda to buy said chair</li>
	</ul>

	<h4>DVD Cases</h4>
	<ul>
		<li>Benedict maintains that, in the meeting this seemed like a workable
		idea. Now it's February, he agrees with the detractors</li>
		<li class="motion passed">None the less, a budget of £40 was approved for slimmer DVD cases</li>
	</ul>

	<h4>VHS -> DVD Convertor</h4>
	<ul>
		<li>People say these things exist</li>
		<li>A budget does not seem to have been approved</li>
	</ul>

	<h3>Library Regulations - Loans of Multiple Discs</h3>
	<ul>
		<li>This has recently lead to heated discussion in the library</li>
		<li>It is noted that, in the standing orders, this is entirely at the
		discretion of the Librarian</li>
		<li>Although no formal decision was made, it was decided that it should
		be consider that permission should be sought each time multiple discs
		are to be loaned to a member</li>
		<li>Rule 7 is cited repeatedly</li>
	</ul>

	<h3>Chair of Vice Report</h3>
	<ul>
		<li>There have been 2 bar nights, a Rocky Horror evening, and there will be an Event of Doomity-Doom!
		<ul>
			<li>DWM says hello</li>
		</ul></li>
		<li>The Vice of the Day is Sloth</li>
		<li class="motion passed">A £15 decadence budget is granted for the event of Doomity-Doom</li>
		<li class="action">Lucy to look into getting a Decadence Budget Code</li>
	</ul>

<span class="exit">[18:35] Wouter leaves</span>

	<h3>Writers Workshop</h3>
	<ul>
		<li>These make a loss</li>
		<li>We'd still like one</li>
		<li class="action">Amanda to organise a writer's workshop</li>
		<li class="action">RebeccaLiz to cause contact between Jaine Fenn and Amanda</li>
		<li>Should Canvas interest from the list</li>
		<li>To be held hopefully in early March</li>
	</ul>

	<h3>Formal Dinner</h3>
	<ul>
		<li>Lucy Progresses</li>
	</ul>

<span class="closed">Meeting closed at 18:52</span>

</td>
</tr>
</table>
</body>
</html>
