<!DOCTYPE html>
<!--Picocon Sub-Committee-->
<!--2011-12-08-->
<!---->
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
	<title>Minutes of Picocon Sub-Committee Meeting, 8/12/11</title>
	<meta name="Description" content="icsf (Imperial College Union Science Fiction, Fantasy and Horror Society) Website" />
 	<meta name="Reply-to" content="icsf@ic.ac.uk" />
	<link type="text/css" rel="stylesheet" href="/scc/icsf/resources/style.css" />
	<link type="text/css" rel="stylesheet" href="/scc/icsf/resources/minutes.css" />

</head>
<body class="bodyMedium">
<table width="95%" cellpadding="4" class="bodyDark" align="center">
<tr>
<td class="bodyLight">

<div class="actions">
	<h3>Actions &amp; Motions</h3>
	<ul>
		<li class="action">Maciej to send reminder</li>
		<li class="action">Wouter to poke/download t-shirt knowlege off of Peter</li>
		<li class="action">Benedict to finish crossword</li>
		<li class="action">Benedict to update scavenger hunt list</li>
		<li class="action">Andreja to poke Angela</li>
		<li class="action">Angela to consider contents for Picocon wyrm</li>
		<li class="action">Cameron to think about this more, and appear with a list and recommendation</li>
		<li class="action">Maciej to coordinate writing of / write quiz (Cameron to help)</li>
		<li class="action">Benedict to email the list of all SF answers</li>
		<li class="action">Maciej to try to extend Metric booking</li>
		<li class="action">Someone to talk to Chris about this</li>
		<li class="action">Maciej to emial list about items</li>
		<li class="action">Wouter to carve a mushroom cloud of victory (possibly metaphorically)</li>
		<li class="action">Liz to send list of all book sellers etc to Wouter</li>
		<li class="action">Liz to ask Monya abotu chalking</li>
		<li class="action">Benedict to finish flyer map of everything useful</li>
		<li class="action">Benedict to look into online generation of registration forms</li>
		<li class="action">Andreja to make flyers for BSFA etc.</li>
		<li class="action">Benedict to talk to Semi-Dave about LAN</li>
	</ul>
</div>

<h2>Minutes of Picocon Sub-Committee Meeting, 8/12/11</h2>

<span class="opened">Meeting opened at 18:05.</span>

	<h3>Present</h3>
	<div class="peoples">Wouter van der Bergh (Picocon Sofa)
	Maciej Matuszewski (Picocon Beanbag)
	Andreja Kogov&scaron;ek (Publicity Officer)
	Benedict Harcourt (Secretary)
	Amanda Sj&ouml;dahl (Librarian)
	Patrick Boyle
	Alex Cameron
	</div>

	<h3>Guests of Honour</h3>
	<ul>
		<li>Wouter: Mea Culpa</li>
		<li>We currently have no GoH, but Wouter is consulting the Clements</li>
		<li>Cameron has put together a list of every active UK SF author + contact details</li>
		<li>Benedict pulls from the hive mind that Stephen Baxter owes us favours?</li>
	</ul>

	<h3>Artwork</h3>
	<ul>
		<li>An artwork email was sent
		<ul>
			<li>No responses as of yet</li>
			<li>People have been bounding ideas around, though</li>
			<li class="action">Maciej to send reminder</li>
		</ul></li>
	</ul>

	<h3>T-Shirts</h3>
	<ul>
		<li class="action">Wouter to poke/download t-shirt knowlege off of Peter</li>
		<li>This is one of the few things the wiki is up to date on too</li>
	</ul>

	<h3>Wyrmtounge</h3>
	<ul>
		<li>Benedict assures that a Wyrmtounge can happen at short notice as things stand</li>
		<li>He has also started an apocolypse themed crossword</li>
		<li class="action">Benedict to finish crossword</li>
		<li class="action">Benedict to update scavenger hunt list</li>
		<li class="action">Andreja to poke Angela</li>
		<li class="action">Angela to consider contents for Picocon wyrm</li>
	</ul>

	<h3>Teams</h3>
	<ul>
		<li>Apocolypse themed teams are reasonably do-able - say, type of apocolypse
		<ul>
			<li>Nucelar - Mushroom Cloud</li>
			<li>Alien Invasion - Flying Saucer</li>
			<li>Zombies - Zombie</li>
			<li>Nanites - ???</li>
			<li>Divine Retribution - Lightening?</li>
		</ul></li>
		<li class="action">Cameron to think about this more, and appear with a list and recommendation</li>
	</ul>

	<h3>Quiz</h3>
	<ul>
		<li>This needs to be written</li>
		<li class="action">Maciej to coordinate writing of / write quiz (Cameron to help)</li>
		<li class="action">Benedict to email the list of all SF answers</li>
		<li>There was discussion of doing a composite image question</li>
		<li>A good locaiton for the quiz has been a problem in recent years
		<ul>
			<li>The Union Bar in generally too small</li>
			<li>Activity Space {1+2} and Metric are both bigger</li>
			<li>We currently have both until 8</li>
			<li>Metric is closer to booze (in fact, it might be possible to have the bar manned</li>
			<li class="action">Maciej to try to extend Metric booking</li>
		</ul></li>
		<li>Nearer the time, we must ensure the bars will open at 12nn.</li>
		<li>We are probably not going to block buy alcohol, unless the new union regulations have suddenly made it worth our while
		<ul>
			<li>Somehow, this is doubted</li>
		</ul></li>
	</ul>

	<h3>DODM</h3>
	<ul>
		<li>Chris has indicated that obtaining and holding liquid nitrogen overnight may be problematic</li>
		<li class="action">Someone to talk to Chris about this</li>
		<li>CO<sub>2</sub> fire extinquishers were suggested as a replacement, though these may not cause the material to reach glass transition point</li>
		<li class="action">Maciej to emial list about items</li>
	</ul>

	<h3>Turkey Reading</h3>
	<ul>
		<li>The use of fan fiction was suggested</li>
		<li>(Suggestions were: "<em>HHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH</em>" and "<em>My Immortal</em>")</li>
		<li>Evil Overlord was suggested as an almost in-theme viewing</li>
		<li>The Turkey section should probably come with a age and health warning</li>
	</ul>

	<h3>Metric</h3>
	<ul>
		<li>Layout last year still makes sense</li>
		<li>Lighting levels are still a problem
		<ul>
			<li>There is a noticable lack of mains power</li>
			<li>Some suggestions of apoloclypse themed portable lamps was suggested</li>
			<li>Wouter: "We shall take this mountain of idiocy and carve a mushroom cloud of victory!"</li>
			<li class="action">Wouter to carve a mushroom cloud of victory (possibly metaphorically)</li>
		</ul></li>
		<li>Wouter has been contacted by someone in Cambridge regaridng some kind of book launch</li>
		<li class="action">Liz to send list of all book sellers etc to Wouter</li>
	</ul>

	<h3>Parking</h3>
	<ul>
		<li>Cameron will be to brief the author minions about parking</li>
	</ul>

	<h3>Entrance</h3>
	<ul>
		<li>Given the large profits we have been seeing, the decision was made to hold the prices</li>
		<li>We'd like to expand the amount of chalk guide marks in college etc.</li>
		<li class="action">Liz to ask Monya abotu chalking</li>
		<li>Shirts are to sold in the foer to LT1 again</li>
		<li class="action">Benedict to finish flyer map of everything useful</li>
		<li class="action">Benedict to look into online generation of registration forms</li>
	</ul>

	<h3>Publicity</h3>
	<ul>
		<li class="action">Andreja to make flyers for BSFA etc.</li>
		<li>It was decide to advertise more to non-icsf Imperial students</li>
	</ul>

	<h3>LAN</h3>
	<ul>
		<li class="action">Benedict to talk to Semi-Dave about LAN</li>
		<li>Apocolypse calls for Defcon</li>
		<li>The idea of a turkey game was raised around this point</li>
	</ul>

<span class="closed">Meeting closed at 18:50.</span>

</td>
</tr>
</table>
</body>
</html>
