<!DOCTYPE html>
<!--ICSF Committee-->
<!--2011-09-29-->
<!--Fresher's Fair Meeting-->
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
	<title>Minutes of ICSF Committee Meeting, 29/9/11</title>
	<meta name="Description" content="icsf (Imperial College Union Science Fiction, Fantasy and Horror Society) Website" />
 	<meta name="Reply-to" content="icsf@ic.ac.uk" />
	<link type="text/css" rel="stylesheet" href="/scc/icsf/resources/style.css" />
	<link type="text/css" rel="stylesheet" href="/scc/icsf/resources/minutes.css" />

</head>
<body class="bodyMedium">
<table width="95%" cellpadding="4" class="bodyDark" align="center">
<tr>
<td class="bodyLight">

<div class="actions">
	<h3>Actions &amp; Motions</h3>
	<ul>
		<li class="action">People to do training quizzes</li>
		<li class="action">Everyone to join the society</li>
		<li class="action">Benedict to email icsf-list for help</li>
		<li class="action">Andreja to print them off and get them up</li>
		<li class="action">Amanda to decide on library showings (if appropriate)</li>
		<li class="action">Amanda, Lucy, Benedict to figure out what bookshops are worth covering and still exist</li>
		<li class="action">Maciej to do the bookings</li>
		<li class="motion passed">Lucy McGregor was unanimously elected Acting Treasurer</li>
	</ul>
</div>

<h2>Minutes of ICSF Committee Meeting, 29/9/11</h2>
<span class="opened">Meeting opened at 18:12pm.</span>

	<h3>Present</h3>
	<div class="peoples">Ethel Bardsley (Chair Entity)
	Amanda Sj&ouml;dahl (Librarian)
	Joseph Britton (Chair of Vice)
	Benedict Harcourt (Secretary)
	Maciej Matuszewski (Picocon Beanbag)
	Joseph Slade (Tech Priest)
	Andreja Kogov&scaron;ek (Publicity Officer)
	Angela Branaes (Editor)
	Lucy McGregor
	Rebecca Clark
	Alex 'Fluffy' Savell
	Zachary Smith (Wargames Chair)
	</div>

	<h3>Apologies</h3>
	<div class="peoples">Wouter van der Beurgh (Picocon Sofa)</div>

	<h3>General Business</h3>
	<ul>
		<li>The minutes of the meeting 25/5/2011 were approved unanimously</li>
		<li>Lucy has not had any responses from locations of the formal dinner
		<ul>
			<li>The Beit prices were circulated on icsf-committee previously</li>
			<li>More suggestions are needed for places to try</li>
		</ul>
		</li>
		<li>The year has begun. Term has not. Semantics were briefly discussed</li>
		<li>Due to circumstances beyond our control, we are without a Treasurer
		<ul>
			<li>An EGM will happen as soon as the exec get their act together</li>
		</ul></li>
		<li>Most of the committee have done their training quizzes and joined the society
		<ul>
			<li class="action">People to do training quizzes</li>
			<li class="action">Everyone to join the society</li>
		</ul></li>
	</ul>

	<h3>Fresher's Fayre</h3>
	<ul>
		<li>Fresher's Fayre is on Tuesday, setup form 10am</li>
		<li>Members of the committee are willing to help
		<ul>
			<li>We should also ask the list</li>
			<li class="action">Benedict to email icsf-list for help</li>
		</ul>
		</li>
		<li>The poster designs look gooood
		<ul>
			<li class="action">Andreja to print them off and get them up</li>
		</ul>
		</li>
		<li>Wyrmtongue is steadily coming together
		<ul>
			<li>The number of copies of Wyrm required was discussed</li>
			<li>The final figure was probably a couple of hundred</li>
		</ul></li>
		<li>Fresher's Fayre falls on the same day as an Old Fart's barnight
		<ul>
			<li>Taking the freshers to that would be unfair on both sides</li>
			<li>What we do in the evening for the freshers depends on how many hang around</li>
		</ul>
		</li>
	</ul>

	<h3>Fresher's Events</h3>
	<ul>
		<li class="action">Amanda to decide on library showings (if appropriate)</li>
		<li>The first bar night will be Thurs 13th, at the Tea Clipper
		<ul>
			<li>This has since gone into Wyrm!</li>
		</ul>
		</li>
		<li>The bookcrawl will be on the 3th Saturday of term
		<ul>
			<li class="action">Amanda, Lucy, Benedict to figure out what bookshops are worth covering and still exist</li>
		</ul></li>
	</ul>

	<h3>Femtocon</h3>
	<ul>
		<li>Femtocon is on Wed 12th</li>
		<li>The east basement: it is booked...almost  (Curse you, dance)</li>
		<li>SciFi have a desk and run people to library</li>
	</ul>

	<h3>Picocon Bookings</h3>
	<ul>
		<li>They haven not yet been done</li>
		<li class="action">Maciej to do the bookings</li>
		<li>It was suggested that we should possibly write to Terry Pratchett
		<ul>
			<li>There were mixed feelings about this</li>
			<li>It would be absolutely awesome</li>
			<li>However, he's unlikely to come</li>
			<li>We'd never be able find space to host him in Imperial</li>
			<li>We'd have to book him n years in advance, putting burden on future committees</li>
			<li>He'd over shadow anyone else we could ask</li>
			<li>It would probably make all future Picocons feel less by comparison</li>
		</ul>The point was deferred to a later meeting</li>
	</ul>

	<h3>Any other business</h3>
	<ul>
		<li class="motion passed">Lucy McGregor was unanimously elected Acting Treasurer</li>
	</ul>

<span class="closed">Meeting closed at 19:06</span>

</td>
</tr>
</table>
</body>
</html>
