<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN"
    "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
	<title>Minutes of Picocon Sub-Committee Meeting, 12/01/12</title>
	<meta name="Description" content="icsf (Imperial College Union Science Fiction, Fantasy and Horror Society) Website" />
 	<meta name="Reply-to" content="icsf@ic.ac.uk" />
	<link type="text/css" rel="stylesheet" href="../../../../icsfwebsite.css" />
	<link type="text/css" rel="stylesheet" href="<!--SRVROOT-->/resourc<!--SRVROOT-->/resources/minutes.css" />
	<script src="../../../../icsfwebsite.js" type="text/javascript"></script>

</head>
<body class="bodyMedium">
<table width="95%" cellpadding="4" class="bodyDark" align="center">
<tr>
<td class="bodyLight">

<div class="actions">
	<h3>Actions &amp; Motions</h3>
</div>

<h2>Minutes of Picocon Sub-Committee Meeting, 12/01/12</h2>

<span class="opened">Meeting opened at 18:07.</span>

	<h3>Present</h3>
	<div class="peoples">Wouter van der Bergh (Picocon Sofa)
	Maciej Matuszewski (Picocon Beanbag)
	Andreja Kogov&scaron;ek (Publicity Officer)
	Angela Branaes (Editor)
	Benedict Harcourt (Secretary)
	Robin Saunders
	</div>

	<h3>Guests of Honour</h3>
	<ul>
		<li>We now have three confirmed guests
		<ul>
			<li>Adrian Czajkowski</li>
			<li>Justina Robson</li>
			<li>Tricia Sullivan</li>
		</ul></li>
	</ul>

	<h3>T-Shirts &amp; Artwork</h3>
	<ul>
		<li>Wouter has absorbed knowledge from Peter</li>
		<li>This is now pending artwork</li>
		<li>There has been a small response to the artwork comeptition, which is rapidly nearing it's deadline</li>
	</ul>

	<h3>Wyrmtongue</h3>
	<ul>
		<li>To include:
		<ul>
			<li>Intros form Sofa + Chair</li>
			<li>Schedule</li>
			<li>Bios on Authors</li>
			<li>Map</li>
			<li>Crossword</li>
			<li>Copy of scaveger hunt list</li>
			<li>Any artwork etc. that will fit</li>
		</ul></li>
		<li>We are also likely to want a separate map/schedule just in case</li>
	</ul>

	<h3>Turkey Readings</h3>
	<ul>
		<li>Whilst in Chorely, Wouter was listening to Dave reading</li>
		<li>He has returned, and seems somewhat enlightened
		<ul>
			<li>Or destroyed</li>
		</ul></li>
		<li>The title(s) of the works were not mentioned, but terrible sex scenes (amongst other things) were</li>
	</ul>

	<h3>Room Bookings</h3>
	<ul>
		<li>The confirmed room bookings are:
		<ul>
			<li>Blackett LT1: 8am - 8pm</li>
			<li>Union Activity Space: 8am - 8pm</li>
			<li>Metric: 8am - 10pm</li>
			<li>Union Bar: 12nn - closing?</li>
		</ul></li>
	</ul>
	
<span class="entrance">[18:16] Semi-Dave enters</span>

	<h3>The Quiz</h3>
	<ul>
		<li>After much going round it circles, it was decided that Metric
		offers the best trade off in space / nearness to ale for holding the
		quiz.</li>
		<li>Multiple <em>and</em> extra copies of the quiz questions and answers
		will be made to cover all eventualities.</li>
		<li class="action">Wouter to find out about borrowing the tables + chairs from lvl1 stores for metric</li>
	</ul>

	<h3>Schedule</h3>
	<ul>
		<li class="action">Benedict to dig out last years schedule</li>
		<li>There is currently some circling over the author topics</li>
	</ul>
	
	<h3>Teams</h3>
	<ul>
		<li>The teams (exact names pending): Nucelar Armegeddon, Zombie Apocolypse, Cthulhuoid Tenticles for the Sky</li>
	</ul>

	<h3>LAN</h3>
	<ul>
		<li>SemiDave doens't want to run the LAN all day</li>
		<li>Games will be UT and DefCon</li>
		<li>Metric has been known to have a projector, projecting the games as they run in Activity Space 1, especially Defcon, woudl be nice (and would attract attention back to LAN)</li>
		<li class="action">Benedict to look into this</li>
	</ul>
	
	<h3>Panel Discussion</h3>
	<ul>
		<li>Ideas include (possibly ask the list for more)
		<ul>
			<li>"Role of Apocolypses in Fiction / Story Telling?"</li>
			<li>"Non-Humanoids in Fictions / Story Telling?"</li>
			<li>"How do you make non (standard) humans compelling?"</li>
		</ul></li>
	</ul>

	<h3>Other Business / Things to Do</h3>
	<ul>
		<li>Next BSFA is 25th Jan</li>
		<li>Next TUN is 2nd Feb</li>
		<li class="action">Andreja, SemiDave to have many flyers for these events</li>
		<li class="action">SemiDave to confirm availability of LAN pcs</li>
		<li>DODM</li>
		<li>Family Fortunes</li>
		<li>Author Minions</li>
		<li>Pre-registration</li>
	</ul>

<span class="closed">Meeting closed at 18:56.</span>

</td>
</tr>
</table>
</body>
</html>
