committee: ICSF
comment: Post Freshers’ Fair Meeting
opened: 2014-10-17 18:01:00
closed: 2014-10-17 19:29:00
present: Amanda Sjӧdahl (Chair), Hugh Mulligan (Treasurer), Anurag Deshpande (Secretary), Stephen Ingram (Picocon Sofa), Noor Mulheron (Chair of Vice), Rosanna Nichols (Librarian), Sanchit Sharma (Wyrmtongue editor), Sam McKenney, Vinothan Shankar, David Zhang, Daniel Clay.
apologies: Peter Dawson (Picocon Beanbag), Tom Rivlin (Publicity Officer)

= Library Admin:
- Need to decrease dependence on ex-officers is brought up.
- It is proposed that the Wyrmtongue template be changed from LateX format to open office format.
- MOT<passed> 10 for, 0 against, 0 abstaining
> [18:08] Kate Reed
= Events:
- Freshers’ Fair went very well.
 - However, it is pointed out that more people need to be sent down to the library to see it during this time.
 - It is proposed to have free books in the library next time and signs pointing to them to lure in more people.
 - It is suggested that we consider having a greater presence in the quad, and more posters pointing to the library.
 - The loss of Mathew Parker as an advertising tool is greatly lamented.
- Some sort of ‘West Basement open day’ is once again suggested in order to draw in members to all the west basement societies.
 - ACT: This will be brought up at the next Media group meeting and the other groups in the basement will be spoken to.
> [18:17] Ethel Bardsley (Tech Priest)
- The Meet & Greet was also a success.
 - Need more space in the library, as we now get large amounts of members.
 - The possibility of installing some sort of moving shelves is brought up.
 - Further investigation into this is required.
 - Also pointed out that there is a lot of clutter in the library
 - ACT: The library will be cleaned up and tidied.
 - Further re-shuffling and re-arranging of stock needs further discussion in the future.
- Tea Duelling event also went well; reports Steampunk.
 - Next time a bigger space will be required.
 - It is also pointed out that a bigger Tea vessel will be required.
 - It is proposed that the structure be revised somehow, in particular so that those who lose in the first round are not then out of commission for the whole event.
 - ACT: Ways to expand the event will be looked into.
- It is also suggested that some sort of noticeboard be set up in the library to advertise events and steampunk events.
 - It is pointed out we have a perfectly good whiteboard just lying around doing nothing.
- We are informed the Barnight also went well.
 - This was despite the Union somehow managing to lose our table bookings.
 - The night was actually slightly under-budget.
 - ACT: Next time when making a booking the manager will be told how they messed up last time; to put additionally pressure on them not to repeat their mistake.
- The Halloween booking has been erased
 - ACT: Enquiries will be made as to whether we can have alcohol in the library because of this. Noor will email Alex McKee and the DCPS about this.
 - The viewing schedule will be determined by the Chair of Vice, but can be changed by popular demand.
 - It is concluded that having any dancing fluids in the library would be a bad idea.
- Seeing as the Chair of Vice has been working overtime; it is suggested that she delegate some tasks.
- An Ice-skating event is proposed given the success of last year’s trip.
- A Christmas viewing will also be held.
- It is pointed out that the Hobbit cinema trip and Christmas viewings currently clash, as both are tentatively scheduled for the last Friday of term.
 - As the Hobbit releases the week before, it is decided to reschedule that film trip to be before the Christmas viewing.
- There is a small Pen explosion.
 - Napkins are deployed.
- The bookcrawl on 18/10/2014 has been fully planned.
 - A list of stock to buy for the library also exists.
- It is suggested that there be joint excursion to MCM in conjunction with Anime society at some point in the future.
- There is a suggestion for a Steampunk event; a concert by ‘The Men that will not be blown for nothing.’
- It is also pointed out that the BFI is having a Sci Fi season.
 - ACT: This will be investigated further.
- A Sci-Fi karaoke night is proposed.
 - ACT: Amanda will look into this.
= Budget:
- Current Grant funding: £173.41
- SGI: £3166.21 (includes 1000 reserve)
- Expenditure:
 - 12.19 FF snacks.
 - 120 Publicity.
 - 90.75 Barnight.
- Profit:
 - 244 Loncon.
> [19:02] Henry Leventhorpe
- We have only received 53% of our grant so far because we have only reached 53% of our expected membership for the year.
 - There is no need to worry as this sum will go up as more people join throughout the year.
- We are informed by the Treasurer that all is well with the budget.
- Steampunk requests a figure for their budget.
 - ACT: Steampunk will come up with an estimate for how much will need, and we will go from there.
- It is enquired as to whether there can be a separate Union product for Steampunk membership.
 - This has been looked into and it turns out that you cannot have free products on the Union website.
 - It is suggested that Steampunk charge the minimum amount for their membership and that this contributes to their budget.
> [19:12] Benedict Harcourt
= Database and Archiving:
- It is pointed out that the database is currently non-functional; as well as dated.
- Purchasing or constructing a new database is suggested.
 - It is pointed out that Anime is currently planning to build a similar database for their stock.
 - It is suggested that we collaborate with them on this, so that we can both use structurally identical, though separate databases.
 - ACT: Ethel will talk to Anime society about this.
- The archiving of the society’s old materials is once again brought up.
 - It is pointed out that this is a long project, potentially as much as 5 years.
 - As such it is suggested that perhaps a new position should be created to manage the archive.
 - A book of Picocon artwork entries is also proposed.
= Duty Librarians:
- As the librarian cannot be present on Thursdays, a duty librarian will be required.
 - ACT: Sanchit agrees to do this.
= Amending of Standing Orders:
- ACT: Amanda will examine the standing orders and constitution in order to see how the no alcohol rule can be best integrated.
= Any other business:
- ACT: It is decided to wait until next summer to re-carpet the library.
- It is pointed out that the handheld vacuum cleaner is malfunction.
 - ACT: It is decided that the society will purchase a new one.
- ACT: We will also ask for a new bin from the Union.
- The motion is proposed, by Benedict, that he be elected general secretary for life.
- MOT<passed>: 0 For, 14 Against, 0 abstaining.
 - Benedict does not require the will of the people, for he IS the will of the people!
- ACT: The problems with getting into the West Basement after 20:00 will be looked into.
